Name	Set	ImageFile	Type	Attribute	Level	ATK	DEF	Rarity	Format	Text
Cyber-Tech Alligator	5DS2	CyberTechAlligator	Machine	Wind	5	2500	1600			Originally a pterodactyl, he was viciously attacked by a dragon. Using the newest technologies, his keeper saved him from near-fatal wounds and brought him back as a powerful cyborg.
Des Koala	5DS2	DesKoala	Beast/Effect	Dark	3	1100	1800			FLIP: Inflict 400 points of Direct Damage to your opponent's Life Points for each card in your opponent's hand.
De-Synchro	5DS2	DeSynchro	Normal Spell							Select 1 face-up Synchro Monster. Return it to its owner's Extra Deck. Then, if all the monsters that were used for the Synchro Summon of that monster are in your Graveyard, you can Special Summon them.
Gogiga Gagagigo	5DS2	GogigaGagagigo	Reptile	Water	8	2950	2800			His soul long-since collapsed, his body recklessly continues onward, driven by a lust for more power. He no longer resembles his former self.
Gottoms' Emergency Call	5DS2	GottomsEmergencyCall	Normal Trap							Activate only if there is a face-up "X-Saber" monster(s) on the field. Select 2 "X-Saber" monsters in either player's Graveyard(s). Special Summon those monsters to your side of the field.
Junk Warrior	5DS2	JunkWarrior	Warrior/Synchro/Effect	Dark	5	2300	1300			Junk Synchron + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters When this card is Synchro Summoned, it gains ATK equal to the total ATK of all Level 2 and lower monsters on the field.
Limit Reverse	5DS2	LimitReverse	Continuous Trap							Select 1 monster with an ATK of 1000 or less from your Graveyard and Special Summon it in Attack Position. When a monster Special Summoned by this effect is switched to Defense Position, destroy this card and the monster. If this card is removed from the field, destroy the monster. If that monster is destroyed, destroy this card.
Powered Tuner	5DS2	PoweredTuner	Dragon/Effect	Water	4	1400	1000			This card gains 500 ATK for each face-up Tuner Monster on the field.
Pride of the Weak	5DS2	PrideoftheWeak	Continuous Spell							When a Level 2 or lower monster you control destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard, if you have no cards in your hand, draw 2 cards.
Road Synchron	5DS2	RoadSynchron	Machine/Tuner/Effect	Light	4	1600	800			If this card is used for the Synchro Summon of a monster other than "Road Warrior", its Level is reduced by 2. If this card attacks, at the end of the Damage Step, increase its Level by 1 until the End Phase.
Road Warrior	5DS2	RoadWarrior	Warrior/Synchro/Effect	Light	8	3000	1500			Road Synchron + 2 or more non-Tuner monsters Once per turn, you can Special Summon 1 Level 2 or lower Warrior-Type or Machine-Type monster from your Deck.
Saber Beetle	5DS2	SaberBeetle	Insect/Effect	Earth	6	2400	600			During battle between this attacking card and a Defense Position monster whose DEF is lower than the ATK of this card, inflict the difference as Battle Damage to your opponent's Life Points.
Sabersaurus	5DS2	Sabersaurus	Dinosaur	Earth	4	1900	500			This normally gentle dinosaur enjoys relaxing in its nest in the prairies. If it becomes angered, it turns terribly ferocious.
Sasuke Samurai	5DS2	SasukeSamurai	Warrior/Effect	Wind	2	500	800			When this monster attacks a face-down Defense Position monster, destroy the face-down monster immediately with this card's effect without flipping it face-up or damage calculation.
Skelengel	5DS2	Skelengel	Fairy/Effect	Light	2	900	400			FLIP: Draw 1 card from your Deck.
The Dragon Dwelling In The Cave	5DS2	TheDragonDwellingInTheCave	Dragon	Wind	4	1300	2000			A huge dragon dwelling in a cave. It is horrible when it gets angry, although it is usually quiet. It is said to preserve certain treasures.
Unstable Evolution	5DS2	UnstableEvolution	Equip Spell							While your Life Points are lower than your opponent's, the equipped monster's original ATK becomes 2400. While your Life Points are higher than your opponent's, its original ATK becomes 1000.
Widespread Ruin	5DS2	WidespreadRuin	Normal Trap							Activate only when your opponent's monster declares an attack. Destroy 1 Attack Position monster your opponent controls with the highest ATK. (If it's a tie, you get to choose.)
X-Saber Airbellum	5DS2	XSaberAirbellum	Beast/Tuner/Effect	Earth	3	1600	200			When this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent by a direct attack, discard 1 random card from your opponent's hand.
X-Saber Anu Piranha	5DS2	XSaberAnuPiranha	Warrior	Earth	4	1800	1100			A female X-Saber Warrior, known for her graceful attacks and calm decision making in battle. Her ambition is merciless, and strikes fear in the hearts of her enemies.
X-Saber Galahad	5DS2	XSaberGalahad	Warrior/Effect	Earth	4	1800	800			If this card attacks an opponent's monster, this card gains 300 ATK during the Damage Step only. If this card is attacked by an opponent's monster, this card loses 500 ATK during the Damage Step only. When this card is selected as an attack target, you can Tribute another "Saber" monster to negate the attack.
X-Saber Urbellum	5DS2	XSaberUrbellum	Warrior/Synchro/Effect	Earth	7	2200	1300			1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters When this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent, if your opponent has 4 or more cards in their hand, place 1 random card from their hand on top of their Deck.
Alien Mother	CP08	AlienMother	Reptile/Effect	Dark	6	2300	1500			If this card destroys a monster with an A-Counter by battle and sends it to the Graveyard, Special Summon the destroyed monster to your side of the field at the end of the Battle Phase. When this card is removed from the field, all monsters that were Special Summoned by this card's effect are destroyed.
Cell Explosion Virus	CP08	CellExplosionVirus	Normal Trap							Activate only when an opponent's monster with an A-Counter(s) declares an attack. Destroy all Attack Position monsters your opponent controls.
Gravity Behemoth	CP08	GravityBehemoth	Beast/Effect	Dark	6	2300	2000			If there are no cards on the field, this card can be Normal Summoned without Tribute. This effect cannot be used during your first turn. Once per turn, you can destroy 1 face-up Field Spell Card on the field. If you do this, this card cannot attack this turn.
Magician's Valkyria	CP08	MagiciansValkyria	Spellcaster/Effect	Light	4	1600	1800			Your opponent cannot select another Spellcaster-Type monster on your side of the field as an attack target.
Miraculous Rebirth	CP08	MiraculousRebirth	Quick-Play Spell							Activate only as Chain Link 4 or higher. Select 1 monster from either player's Graveyard and Special Summon it. You cannot activate this card if multiple cards/effects with the same name are in that Chain.
Mushroom Man	CP08	MushroomMan	Plant	Earth	2	800	600			Found in humid regions, this creature attacks enemies with a lethal rain of poison spores.
Royal Oppression	CP08	RoyalOppression	Continuous Trap						A0/T1	Pay 800 Life Points to negate a Special Summon of a monster and the effect of a card that Special Summons a monster and destroy it. Both you and your opponent can use this effect as long as this card remains face-up on the field.
Alien Ammonite	CRMS	AlienAmmonite	Reptile/Tuner/Effect	Light	1	500	200			When this card is Normal Summoned, you can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Alien" monster from your Graveyard. The monster Special Summoned by this effect is destroyed during the End Phase.
Alien Kid	CRMS	AlienKid	Reptile/Effect	Light	4	1600	700			Place 1 A-Counter on all monsters Special Summoned to your opponent's side of the field. (If a monster with an A-Counter battles an "Alien" monster, it loses 300 ATK and DEF for each A-Counter during damage calculation only.)
Alien Overlord	CRMS	AlienOverlord	Reptile/Effect	Dark	6	2200	1600			You can remove 2 A-Counters from anywhere on the field to Special Summon this card from your hand. Once per turn, you can place 1 A-Counter on each face-up monster your opponent controls. (If a monster with an A-Counter battles an "Alien" monster, it loses 300 ATK and DEF for each A-Counter during damage calculation only.) You can only control 1 "Alien Overlord".
Arcane Apprentice	CRMS	ArcaneApprentice	Spellcaster/Tuner/Effect	Fire	2	1000	400			If this card is sent to the Graveyard for a Synchro Summon, you can add 1 "Assault Mode Activate" from your Deck to your hand.
Arcane Barrier	CRMS	ArcaneBarrier	Continuous Spell							Each time a Spellcaster-Type monster(s) on the field is destroyed, place 1 Spell Counter on this card (max. 4). You can send this card and 1 face-up Spellcaster-Type monster you control to the Graveyard to draw 1 card for each Spell Counter on this card.
Arcanite Magician	CRMS	ArcaniteMagician	Spellcaster/Synchro/Effect	Light	7	400	1800			1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner Spellcaster-Type monsters When this card is Synchro Summoned, place 2 Spell Counters on it. This card gains 1000 ATK for each Spell Counter on it. You can remove 1 Spell Counter from a card you control to destroy 1 card your opponent controls.
Arcanite Magician-Assault Mode	CRMS	ArcaniteMagicianAssaultMode	Spellcaster/Effect	Light	9	900	2300			This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card cannot be Special Summoned except with "Assault Mode Activate". When this card is Special Summoned, place 2 Spell Counters on it. This card gains 1000 ATK for each Spell Counter on it. You can remove 2 Spell Counters from this card to destroy all cards your opponent controls. When this card on the field is destroyed, you can Special Summon 1 "Arcanite Magician" from your Graveyard.
Armoroid	CRMS	Armoroid	Machine/Effect	Earth	8	2700	2000			When you Tribute Summon this card by Tributing at least 1 "roid" monster, remove from play all Spell and Trap Cards on the field.
Assault Armor	CRMS	AssaultArmor	Equip Spell							Equip only to a Warrior-Type monster that is the only monster you control. It gains 300 ATK. During your Main Phase, you can send this equipped card to the Graveyard. If you do, the equipped monster can attack twice during the Battle Phase this turn.
Assault Beast	CRMS	AssaultBeast	Beast-Warrior/Effect	Earth	4	1900	1200			You can discard this card to the Graveyard to add 1 "Assault Mode Activate" from your Deck to your hand.
Assault Counter	CRMS	AssaultCounter	Counter Trap							Activate only while you control an "-Assault Mode" monster. Negate the activation of a Spell Card, Trap Card, or Effect Monster's effect and destroy it.
Assault Mercenary	CRMS	AssaultMercenary	Warrior/Effect	Earth	4	1800	300			Once per turn, you can return 1 "Assault Mode Activate" from your hand or Graveyard to the Deck to destroy 1 Spell or Trap Card your opponent controls.
Assault Mode Activate	CRMS	AssaultModeActivate	Normal Trap							Tribute 1 Synchro Monster. Special Summon 1 "-Assault Mode" monster whose name includes the Tributed monster's name from your Deck in Attack Position.
Assault Overload	CRMS	AssaultOverload	Quick-Play Spell							Tribute 1 "-Assault Mode" monster. Inflict damage to both players equal to its Level x 200.
Assault Revival	CRMS	AssaultRevival	Quick-Play Spell							Remove from play 1 "Assault Mode Activate" from your Graveyard. Destroy all monsters you control and Special Summon 1 "-Assault Mode" monster from your Graveyard, ignoring its Summoning conditions. Its effect(s) is negated, and it cannot be Tributed. If it is removed from the field, remove it from play.
Assault Slash	CRMS	AssaultSlash	Normal Trap							Activate only while you control an "-Assault Mode" monster. Destroy all face-up monsters on the field.
Assault Teleport	CRMS	AssaultTeleport	Normal Spell							Return 1 "-Assault Mode" monster from your hand to the Deck. Draw 2 cards.
B.E.S. Big Core MK-2	CRMS	BESBigCoreMK2	Machine/Effect	Fire	6	2400	1100			If you control no monsters, you can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. When this card is Special Summoned, place 3 Counters on it. This card cannot be destroyed by battle. If this card attacks or is attacked, remove 1 Counter on this card at the end of the Damage Step. If you cannot, destroy it.
Bee List Soldier	CRMS	BeeListSoldier	Insect/Effect	Wind	1	500	400			You can Tribute this card and 1 face-up Insect-Type monster, except "Bee List Soldier", to draw 2 cards.
Black Salvo	CRMS	BlackSalvo	Machine/Tuner/Effect	Dark	3	100	1100			When this card is Normal Summoned, you can Special Summon 1 Level 4 DARK Machine-Type monster from your Graveyard in face-up Defense Position. Its effect(s) is negated.
Code A Ancient Ruins	CRMS	CodeAAncientRuins	Continuous Spell							Each time a face-up Alien monster(s) is destroyed, place 1 A-Counter on this card. Once per turn, you can remove 2 A-Counters from anywhere on the field to Special Summon 1 "Alien" monster from your Graveyard.
Colossal Fighter-Assault Mode	CRMS	ColossalFighterAssaultMode	Warrior/Effect	Dark	10	3300	1500			This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card cannot be Special Summoned except with "Assault Mode Activate". When this card is Special Summoned, you can send up to 2 Warrior-Type monsters from your Deck to the Graveyard. All monsters your opponent controls lose 100 ATK for every Warrior-Type monster in your Graveyard. When this card on the field is destroyed, you can Special Summon 1 "Colossal Fighter" from your Graveyard.
Cosmic Fortress Gol'gar	CRMS	CosmicFortressGolgar	Reptile/Synchro/Effect	Light	5	2600	1800			Alien Ammonite + 1 or more non-Tuner "Alien" monsters Once per turn, you can select any number of face-up Spell or Trap Cards. Return these cards to their owners` hands, and distribute new A-Counters amoung monsters on the field equal to the number of cards returned. Once per turn, you can remove 2 A-Counter from anywhere on the field to destroy 1 card your opponent controls.
Cross-Sword Beetle	CRMS	CrossSwordBeetle	Insect/Effect	Wind	4	1800	1200			While you control another Insect-Type monster, during battle between an attacking Insect-Type monster you control and a Defense Position monster whose DEF is lower than the ATK of the Insect-Type monster, inflict the difference as Battle Damage to your opponent.
Dark Strike Fighter	CRMS	DarkStrikeFighter	Machine/Synchro/Effect	Dark	7	2600	1800		A0/T1	1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters You can Tribute 1 monster to inflict damage to your opponent equal to its Level x 200.
Dark Tinker	CRMS	DarkTinker	Fiend/Tuner/Effect	Dark	2	1000	1300			When this card you control is sent to the Graveyard, look at the top card of your Deck. Return that card to either the top or the bottom of the Deck.
Dark Voltanis	CRMS	DarkVoltanis	Fairy/Effect	Dark	8	2800	1400			After 1 Counter Trap Card you control has been activated and has resolved, you can Tribute 1 DARK monster to Special Summon this card from your hand. If this card is Special Summoned in this way, destroy 1 card on the field.
Debris Dragon	CRMS	DebrisDragon	Dragon/Tuner/Effect	Wind	4	1000	2000		A2/T2	When this card is Normal Summoned, you can Special Summon 1 monster with 500 or less ATK from your Graveyard in Attack Position. That monster's effect(s) is negated. This card cannot be used as a Synchro Material Monster, except for the Synchro Summon of a Dragon-Type Synchro Monster. The other Synchro Material Monster(s) cannot be Level 4.
Descending Lost Star	CRMS	DescendingLostStar	Normal Trap							Select 1 Synchro Monster in your Graveyard and Special Summon in it face-up Defense Position. Its effect is negated, its Level is reduced by 1 and its DEF becomes 0. Its battle position cannot be changed.
Desert Protector	CRMS	DesertProtector	Insect/Effect	Earth	4	800	1000			This card gains 300 DEF for each Spell and Trap Card on the field. If an Insect-Type monster you control would be destroyed, you can destroy this card instead.
Dimension Fortress Weapon	CRMS	DimensionFortressWeapon	Machine/Effect	Dark	4	1700	200			Cards cannot be sent from the Deck to the Graveyard.
Doomkaiser Dragon-Assault Mode	CRMS	DoomkaiserDragonAssaultMode	Zombie/Effect	Fire	8	2900	2000			This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card cannot be Special Summoned except with "Assault Mode Activate". When this card is Special Summoned, Special Summon any number of Zombie-Type monsters from either player's Graveyard(s) to your side of the field. The monsters' effects are negated, and they are destroyed during the End Phase this turn. When this card on the field is destroyed, you can Speial Summon 1 "Doomkaiser Dragon" from your Graveyard.
Dupe Frog	CRMS	DupeFrog	Aqua/Effect	Water	2	100	2000			This card's name is treated as "Des Frog" while it is face-up on the field. Your opponent cannot select another monster as an attack target. When this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard, you can add 1 "Frog" monster except "Dupe Frog" or "Frog the Jam" from your Deck or Graveyard to your hand.
Ebon Arrow	CRMS	EbonArrow	Normal Trap							Select 1 face-up monster you control. Until the End Phase, it loses 500 ATK and during battle between that attacking monster and a Defense Position monster whose DEF is lower than the selected monster's ATK, inflict the difference as Battle Damage to your opponent. When the selected monster destroys a monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard this turn, inflict damage to your opponent equal to the destroyed monster's original DEF.
Fake Explosion	CRMS	FakeExplosion	Normal Trap							Activate only when an opponent's monster declares an attack. Monsters cannot be destroyed by this battle. After damage calculation. Special Summon 1 "Summon Reactor - SK" from your hand or Graveyard.
Flip Flop Frog	CRMS	FlipFlopFrog	Aqua/Effect	Water	2	500	200			Once per turn, you can flip this card into face-down Defense Position. When this card is flipped face-up, you can return monsters your opponent controls to their owners' hand up to the number of face-up "Frog" monsters you control, except "Frog the Jam".
Flying Fortress SKY FIRE	CRMS	FlyingFortressSKYFIRE	Machine/Effect	Wind	8	3000	2500			This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card cannot be Special Summoned except with the effect of "Summon Reactor SK". Once per turn, you can send 1 card from your hand to the Graveyard to destroy 1 card your opponent controls. Once during each of your opponent's turns, you can activate 1 of the following effects: When your opponent Normal Summons or Special Summons a monster, destroy it and inflict 800 damage to your opponent. OR When your opponent Sets a card, destroy it and inflict 800 damage to your opponent.
Gladiator Beast Samnite	CRMS	GladiatorBeastSamnite	Beast/Effect	Earth	3	1600	1200			If this card was Special Summoned by the effect of a "Gladiator Beast" monster, when this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard, you can add 1 "Gladiator Beast" card from your Deck to your hand. At the end of the Battle Phase if this card attacked or was attacked, you can return it to the Deck to Special Summon 1 "Gladiator Beast" monster from your Deck, except "Gladiator Beast Samnite".
Greed Quasar	CRMS	GreedQuasar	Fiend/Effect	Dark	7	?	?			This card's original ATK and DEF are each equal to it's Level x 300. This monster's Level is increased by the Level of monsters it destroys by battle.
Hydra Viper	CRMS	HydraViper	Reptile/Effect	Water	4	1800	400			Each time this card declares an attack, you must Tribute 1 Aqua-Type monster. This card can attack 3 times during each Battle Phase.
Hyper Psychic Blaster	CRMS	HyperPsychicBlaster	Psychic/Synchro/Effect	Earth	9	3000	2500			1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner Psychic-Type monsters During battle between this attacking card and a Defense Position monster your opponent controls whose DEF is lower than the ATK of this card, inflict the difference as Battle Damage to your opponent. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster whose DEF is lower than the ATK of this card, gain Life Points equal to the difference at the end of the Damage Step.
Hyper Psychic Blaster-Assault Mode	CRMS	HyperPsychicBlasterAssaultMode	Psychic/Effect	Earth	11	3500	3000			This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card cannot be Special Summoned except with "Assault Mode Activate". If this card battles a monster, at the end of the Damage Step, inflict damage to your opponent equal to that monster's DEF and gain Life Points equal to its ATK. When this card on the field is destroyed, you can Special Summon 1 "Hyper Psychic Blaster" from your Graveyard.
Hyper Synchron	CRMS	HyperSynchron	Machine/Tuner/Effect	Light	4	1600	800			If this card is sent to the Graveyard for the Synchro Summon of a Dragon-Type Synchro Monster, that monster gains 800 ATK. Remove it from play during the End Phase.
Ido the Supreme Magical Force	CRMS	IdotheSupremeMagicalForce	Fiend/Effect	Dark	6	2200	800			You cannot Summon monsters. You can only control 1 "Ido the Supreme Magical Force". If this card is destroyed by a card effect and sent to the Graveyard, Special Summon it from your Graveyard during the next turn's Standby Phase and destroy all other monsters you control.
Indomitable Gladiator Beast	CRMS	IndomitableGladiatorBeast	Quick-Play Spell							Target face-up "Gladiator Beast" monster you control gains 500 ATK until the End Phase. While this card is in your Graveyard, you can return 2 "Gladiator Beast" monsters from your Graveyard to the Deck to return this card to your hand.
Inmato	CRMS	Inmato	Plant/Effect	Dark	3	1400	800			When 1 other face-up Plant-Type monster is targeted by the effect of a Spell or Trap Card your opponent controls, you can Tribute this card to draw 2 cards.
Ivy Shackles	CRMS	IvyShackles	Continuous Trap							While it is your turn, all face-up monsters your opponent controls become Plant-Type monsters. When this face-up card on the field is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard by an opponent's card effect, draw 1 card.
Lifeforce Harmonizer	CRMS	LifeforceHarmonizer	Psychic/Effect	Wind	2	800	400			When your opponent activates a card's effect that inflicts damage, you can discard this card to negate its activation and destroy it.
Metaphysical Regeneration	CRMS	MetaphysicalRegeneration	Normal Trap							Activate only during the End Phase. Gain 1000 Life Points for each Psychic-Type monster sent to the Graveyard this turn.
Morphtronic Boarden	CRMS	MorphtronicBoarden	Machine/Effect	Earth	3	500	1800			*While in Attack Position: "Morphtronic" monsters you control can attack your opponent directly. *While in Defense Position: Other "Morphtronic" monsters you control cannot be destroyed by battle.
Morphtronic Forcefield	CRMS	MorphtronicForcefield	Counter Trap							Negate the activation of a Spell or Trap Card that would destroy a face-up "Morphtronic" monster you control and destroy it. Add 1 "Morphtronic" card from your Deck to your hand.
Morphtronic Map	CRMS	MorphtronicMap	Field Spell							Each time a monster's battle position is changed, place 1 Morph Counter on this card. All "Morphtronic" monsters gain 300 ATK for each Morph Counter on this card. When this card is destroyed and sent from the field to the Graveyard, you can Special Summon 1 "Morphtronic" monster from your Graveyard.
Morphtronic Mix-up	CRMS	MorphtronicMixup	Normal Trap							If you control 2 or more face-up "Morphtronic" monsters, select 2 cards your opponent controls. Destroy 1 card of your opponent's choice from those 2.
Morphtronic Rusty Engine	CRMS	MorphtronicRustyEngine	Equip Spell							Equip only to a "Morphtronic" monster. If the equipped monster is destroyed, inflict damage to each player equal to its original ATK.
Morphtronic Slingen	CRMS	MorphtronicSlingen	Machine/Effect	Wind	4	1200	800			*While in Attack Position: Once per turn, you can Tribute 1 "Morphtronic" monster, except "Morphtronic Slingen", to destroy 1 card on the field. *While in Defense Position: If this card would be destroyed, you can destroy another "Morphtronic" monster you control instead.
Mysterious Triangle	CRMS	MysteriousTriangle	Quick-Play Spell							Destroy 1 monster on the field with an A-Counter. Then, you can Special Summon 1 Level 4 "Alien" monster from your Deck. Destroy it during the End Phase.
Necroface	CRMS	Necroface	Zombie/Effect	Dark	4	1200	1800		A1/T1	When this card is Normal Summoned, shuffle all removed from play cards into their owner's Decks. This card gains 100 ATK for each of those cards. When this card is removed from play, both players remove from play the top 5 cards of their Deck.
Night Wing Sorceress	CRMS	NightWingSorceress	Spellcaster/Effect	Wind	3	1300	1200			You can activate "Assault Mode Activate" the turn it is Set.
Nightmare Archfiends	CRMS	NightmareArchfiends	Normal Trap							Tribute 1 monster. Special Summon 3 "Nightmare Archfiend Tokens" (Fiend-Type/DARK/Level 6/ATK 2000/DEF 2000) to your opponent's side of the field in Attack Position. When a "Nightmare Archfiend Token" is destroyed, its controller takes 800 damage.
Planet Pollutant Virus	CRMS	PlanetPollutantVirus	Normal Trap							Tribute 1 "Alien" monster. Destroy all face-up monsters without A-Counters your opponent controls. Until the end of your opponent's 3rd turn after this card's activation, place 1 A-Counter on each monster they Summon.
Prevention Star	CRMS	PreventionStar	Equip Spell							Equip only to a monster you control, if it was changed from face-up Attack Position to face-up Defense Position this turn. Select 1 monster your opponent controls. That monster cannot attack or change its battle position. When the equipped monster is destroyed and this card is sent to the Graveyard, remove from play the selected monster.
Prime Material Falcon	CRMS	PrimeMaterialFalcon	Winged Beast/Effect	Wind	5	2200	800			When an Effect Monster's effect to destroy a Spell or Trap Card(s) on the field is activated, you can send 1 card from your hand to the Graveyard to negate its activation and destroy the card.
Psychic Sword	CRMS	PsychicSword	Equip Spell							Equip only to a Psychic-Type monster. If your Life Points are lower than your opponent's, the equipped monster gains ATK equal to the difference (max. 2000).
Psychic Tuning	CRMS	PsychicTuning	Continuous Trap							Select 1 Psychic-Type monster in your Graveyard and Special Summon it in Attack Position. It is treated as a Tuner monster. When this card is removed from the field, destroy that monster. When that monster is removed from the field destroy this card. When this card is sent to the Graveyard, take damage equal to that monster's Level x 400.
Puppet King	CRMS	PuppetKing	Warrior/Effect	Earth	7	2800	2600			When your opponent adds a Monster Card(s) to their hand, except by drawing, you can Special Summon this card from your hand. If you do, destroy it during your next turn's End Phase.
Raptor Wing Strike	CRMS	RaptorWingStrike	Normal Spell							Return 1 face-up "Blackwing" monster you control to the Deck. Add 1 "Blackwing" monster from your Deck to your hand.
Red Dragon Archfiend-Assault Mode	CRMS	RedDragonArchfiendAssaultMode	Dragon/Effect	Dark	10	3500	2500			This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card cannot be Special Summoned except with "Assault Mode Activate". If this card attacks, destroy all other monsters after damage calculation. When this card on the field is destroyed, you can Special Summon 1 "Red Dragon Archfiend" from your Graveyard.
Royal Swamp Eel	CRMS	RoyalSwampEel	Fish/Tuner/Effect	Water	4	1700	1200			If this card is used as a Synchro Material Monster, all the other Synchro Material Monsters must be Fish-Type.
Scanner	CRMS	Scanner	Machine/Effect	Light	1	?	?			Once per turn, you can select 1 of your opponent's monsters that is removed from play. Until the End Phase, this card's name is treated as the selected monster's name, and this card has the same Attribute, Level, ATK and DEF as the selected monster. If this card is removed from the field while this effect is applied, remove it from play.
Seed Cannon	CRMS	SeedCannon	Continuous Spell							Each time a Plant-Type monster(s) is Summoned, place 1 Plant Counter on this card (max. 5). You can send this card to the Graveyard to inflict 500 damage to your opponent for each Plant Counter on it.
Shining Silver Force	CRMS	ShiningSilverForce	Counter Trap							Activate only when your opponent activates a Trap Card that inflicts damage. Negate the activate of that card and destroy it and all face-up Spell and Trap Cards your opponent controls.
Six Scrolls of the Samurai	CRMS	SixScrollsoftheSamurai	Quick-Play Spell							Tribute 2 face-up "Six Samurai" monsters. Special Summon 1 "Great Shogun Shien" from your Deck.
Spell Reactor - RE	CRMS	SpellReactorRE	Machine/Effect	Dark	3	1200	900			Once per turn, when your opponent activates a Spell Card, you can destroy the Spell Card and inflict 800 damage to your opponent.
Spirit Force	CRMS	SpiritForce	Normal Trap							Activate only during damage calculation during your opponent's turn. You take no Battle Damage from that battle. Then, you can add 1 Warrior-Type Tuner monster with 1500 or less DEF from your Graveyard to your hand.
Submarine Frog	CRMS	SubmarineFrog	Aqua/Effect	Water	2	1200	600			During battle between this attacking card and a Defense Position monster whose DEF is lower than the ATK of this card, inflict the difference as Battle Damage to your opponent.
Summon Reactor - SK	CRMS	SummonReactorSK	Machine/Effect	Dark	5	2000	1400			The first time a monster(s) is Summoned to your opponent's side of the field each turn, inflict 800 damage to your opponent. During the Battle Phase of the turn this effect is activated, you can negate the attack of 1 monster your opponent controls. You can send 1 face-up "Trap Reactor - Y FI", 1 face-up "Spell Reactor - RE" and this face-up card you control to the Graveyard to Special Summon 1 "Flying Fortress SKY FIRE" from your hand, Deck, or Graveyard.
Super Solar Nutrient	CRMS	SuperSolarNutrient	Continuous Spell							Tribute 1 Level 2 or lower Plant-Type monster, Special Summon 1 Plant-Type monster whose Level is equal to or lower than the Tributed monster's Level +3 from your hand or Deck. When this card is removed from the field, destroy that monster. When that monster is removed from the field, destroy this card.
Synchro Change	CRMS	SynchroChange	Normal Spell							Remove from play 1 face-up Synchro Monster you control. Special Summon 1 Synchro Monster from your Extra Deck whose Level is the same as the removed monster's. Its effect(s) is negated.
Telekinetic Power Well	CRMS	TelekineticPowerWell	Quick-Play Spell							Special Summon any number of Level 2 or lower Psychic-Type monsters from your Graveyard. You take damage equal to the total Levels of those monsters x 300.
Tethys, Goddess of Light	CRMS	TethysGoddessofLight	Fairy/Effect	Light	5	2400	1800			When you draw a Fairy-Type monster(s), you can reveal it to your opponent to draw 1 more card.
Totem Dragon	CRMS	TotemDragon	Dragon/Effect	Earth	2	400	200			This card can be treated as 2 Tributes for the Tribute Summon of a Dragon-Type monster. If this card is in your Graveyard during your Standby Phase and you control no monsters, you can Special Summon this card in Attack Position. You cannot activate this effect if there are any monsters in your Graveyard that are not Dragon-Type. If this card is Special Summoned with this effect, remove it from play when it is removed from the field.
Trap Eater	CRMS	TrapEater	Fiend/Tuner/Effect	Dark	4	1900	1600			This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card cannot be Special Summoned except by sending 1 face-up Trap Card your opponent controls to the Graveyard.
Trap Reactor - Y FI	CRMS	TrapReactorYFI	Machine/Effect	Dark	4	800	1800			Once per turn, when your opponent activates a Trap Card, you can destroy the Trap Card and inflict 800 damage to your opponent.
Trojan Gladiator Beast	CRMS	TrojanGladiatorBeast	Normal Trap							Special Summon 1 "Gladiator Beast" monster from your hand to your opponent's side of the field. Then, draw 1 card.
Turret Warrior	CRMS	TurretWarrior	Warrior/Effect	Earth	5	1200	2000			You can Tribute 1 Warrior-Type monster to Special Summon this card from your hand. If you do, it gains ATK equal to the Tributed monster's original ATK.
Twilight Rose Knight	CRMS	TwilightRoseKnight	Warrior/Tuner/Effect	Dark	3	1000	1000			Your opponent cannot select a Plant-Type monster as an attack target. When this card is Normal Summoned, you can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Plant-Type monster from your hand.
Vengeful Servant	CRMS	VengefulServant	Equip Spell							When control of the equipped monster changes, inflict damage equal to its original ATK to its new owner.
Verdant Sanctuary	CRMS	VerdantSanctuary	Continuous Spell							When a face-up Insect-Type monster is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard, its controller can add 1 Insect-Type monster with the same Level as the destroyed monster from their Deck to their hand.
Violet Witch	CRMS	VioletWitch	Spellcaster/Effect	Dark	4	1100	1200			When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, add 1 Plant-Type monster with 1500 or less DEF from your Deck to your hand.
Wall of Thorns	CRMS	WallofThorns	Normal Trap							Activate only when a face-up Plant-Type monster you control is selected as an attack target. Destroy all Attack Position monsters your opponent controls.
Zeta Reticulant	CRMS	ZetaReticulant	Fairy/Effect	Dark	7	2400	2100			You can Tribute 1 "Eva Token" to Special Summon this card from your hand. While this card is in your Graveyard, each time a monster(s) your opponent controls is removed from play, Special Summon 1 "Eva Token" (Fiend-Type/DARK/Level 2/ATK 500/DEF 500).
Armory Arm	DP08	ArmoryArm	Machine/Synchro/Effect	Light	4	1800	1200			1 Tuner + 1 or more Non-Tuner monsters Once per turn, you can equip this card to a monster OR unequip it to Special Summon this card in face-up Attack Position. While equipped to a monster by this effect, that monster gains 1000 ATK. When the equipped monster destroys a monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard, inflict damage to your opponent equal to the destroyed monster's ATK.
Confusion Chaff	DP08	ConfusionChaff	Normal Trap							Activate only when your opponent declares a second direct attack during the same Battle Phase. Conduct battle between the attacking monster and the first monster that attacked directly (other effects cannot be activated during this battle).
Defense Draw	DP08	DefenseDraw	Normal Trap							Activate only during damage calculation during your opponent's turn. The Battle Damage you would receive becomes 0. Draw 1 card.
Domino Effect	DP08	DominoEffect	Continuous Spell							When a monster your opponent controls is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, you can send 1 monster you control to the Graveyard to destroy 1 monster your opponent controls.
Equip Shoot	DP08	EquipShot	Normal Trap							Activate only during the Battle Phase. Select 1 Equip Card equipped to a face-up Attack Position monster you control, and select 1 face-up Attack Position monster your opponent controls. Equip that monster with the selected Equip Card. Then, conduct battle between your previously equipped monster and the selected monster (other effects cannot be activated during this battle).
Give and Take	DP08	GiveandTake	Normal Trap							Special Summon 1 monster from your Graveyard to your opponent's side of the field in Defense Position, and increase the Level of 1 monster you control by the Level of the Special Summoned monster, until the End Phase.
Graceful Revival	DP08	GracefulRevival	Continuous Trap							Select 1 Level 2 or lower monster from your Graveyard and Special Summon it in Attack Position. When this card is removed from the field, destroy that monster. When that monster is removed from the field, destroy this card.
Junk Barrage	DP08	JunkBarrage	Equip Spell							When the equipped monster destroys a monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard, inflict damage to your opponent equal to half the destroyed monster's ATK.
Limiter Overload	DP08	LimiterOverload	Normal Trap							When this card is sent to the Graveyard, Special Summon 1 "Speed Warrior" from you hand, Deck, or Graveyard.
Tuningware	DP08	Tuningware	Machine/Effect	Light	1	100	300			If this card is used for a Synchro Summon, you can treat it as a Level 2 monster. If this card is sent to the Graveyard for a Synchro Summon, draw 1 card.
Turbo Booster	DP08	TurboBooster	Machine/Effect	Earth	1	0	0			If you have Normal Summoned a monster this turn, you can Special Summon this card from your hand. You can Tribute this card to destroy 1 monster your opponent controls that battled one of your monsters this turn.
Turbo Synchron	DP08	TurboSynchron	Machine/Tuner/Effect	Wind	1	100	500			When this card declares an attack, you can change the attack target to Defense Position. When you take Battle Damage while this card is attacking, you can Special Summon 1 monster from your hand with ATK equal to or less than the Battle Damage you took.
Urgent Tuning	DP08	UrgentTuning	Normal Trap							Activate only during the Battle Phase. Synchro Summon 1 Synchro Monster. (Send the appropriate Synchro Material Monsters to the Graveyard.)
Begone, Knave	GLD2	BegoneKnave	Continuous Trap							When a monster inflicts Battle Damage to a player, return the monster to its owner's hand.
Dark Armed Dragon	GLD2	DarkArmedDragon	Dragon/Effect	Dark	7	2800	1000		A1/T1	This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card cannot be Special Summoned except by having exactly 3 DARK monsters in your Graveyard. You can remove from play 1 DARK monster from your Graveyard to destroy 1 card on the field.
Exile of The Wicked	GLD2	ExileofTheWicked	Normal Spell							Destroys all face-up Fiend-Type monsters on the field.
Lekunga	GLD2	Lekunga	Plant/Effect	Water	4	1700	500			Remove 2 WATER monsters in your Graveyard from play to Special Summon 1 "Lekunga Token" (Plant-Type/WATER/2 Stars/ATK 700/DEF 700) in Attack Position on your side of the field.
Lord Poison	GLD2	LordPoison	Plant/Effect	Water	4	1500	1000			When this card is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard as a result of battle, Special Summon 1 Plant-Type monster in your Graveyard except "Lord Poison on your side of the field.
Phantom Beast Cross-Wing	GLD2	PhantomBeastCrossWing	Beast-Warrior/Effect	Light	4	1300	1300			While this card is in the Graveyard, "Gazelle the King of Mythical Beasts" and all "Phantom Beast" monsters on the field gain 300 ATK.
Phantom Beast Rock-Lizard	GLD2	PhantomBeastRockLizard	Beast-Warrior/Effect	Dark	7	2200	2000			If you're Tributing a "Phantom Beast" monster or "Gazelle the King of Mythical Beasts", this card can be Normal Summoned with 1 Tribute. When this card destroys a monster by battle. inflict 500 damage to your opponent. When this card is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard by your opponent's card effect, inflict 2000 damage to your opponent.
Phantom Beast Thunder-Pegasus	GLD2	PhantomBeastThunderPegasus	Beast-Warrior/Effect	Light	4	700	2000			Activate only when your opponent's monster declares an attack. By removing from play this card in your Graveyard, make the Battle Damage taken by 1 "Gazelle the King of Mythical Beasts" or "Phantom Beast" monster 0. When this happens, that monster is not destroyed by battle.
Phantom Beast Wild-Horn	GLD2	PhantomBeastWildHorn	Beast-Warrior/Effect	Earth	4	1700	0			During battle between this attacking card and a Defense Position monster whose DEF is lower than the ATK of this card, inflict the difference as Battle Damage to your opponent.
Prime Material Dragon	GLD2	PrimeMaterialDragon	Dragon/Effect	Light	6	2400	2000			Any effect that would inflict damage to a player instead increases their Life Points by the same amount. When a card's effect to destroy a monster(s) on the field is activated, you can send 1 card from your hand to the Graveyard to negate its activation and destroy the card.
Veil of Darkness	GLD2	VeilofDarkness	Continuous Spell							During your Draw Phase, if you draw a DARK monster, you can reveal it and send it to the Graveyard to draw 1 more card.
Warrior Elimination	GLD2	WarriorElimination	Normal Spell							Destroy all face-up Warrior-Type monsters on the field.
A Major Upset	ANPR	amajorupset	Normal Trap							Activate by Tributing 1 face-up Attack Position level 2 or lower monster you control. Return all face-up level 7 or higher monsters on the field that were Special Summoned to their respective hands.
Advance Draw	ANPR	advancedraw	Normal Spell							Tribute 1 face-up Level 8 or higher monster you control. Draw 2 cards.
Aegis of the Ocean Dragon Lord	ANPR	aegisoftheoceandragonlord	Normal Trap							Until the End Phase of this turn, all face-up level 3 or lower WATER monsters you control cannot be destroyed by battle or by card effects.
Ancient Crimson Ape	ANPR	ancientcrimsonape	Beast/Effect	Light	7	2600	1800			When a monster you control is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard, gain 1000 Life Points.
Ancient Fairy Dragon	ANPR	ancientfairydragon	Dragon/Synchro/Effect	Light	7	2100	3000			1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters. Once per turn, you can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower monster from your hand. You cannot conduct your Battle Phase the turn you activate this effect. Once per turn, you can destroy a Field Spell Card. If you do, gain 1000 Life Points, and you can add 1 Field Spell Card from your Deck to your hand.
Ancient Forest	ANPR	ancientforest	Field Spell							When this card is activated, if there are any Defense Position monsters on the field, change them to face-up Attack Position. Flip Effects are not activated at this time. Also, if a monster attacks, it is destroyed at the end of the Battle Phase.
Ancient Leaf	ANPR	ancientleaf	Normal Spell							If you have 9000 or more Life Points, you can pay 2000 Life Points to draw 2 cards.
Ancient Sacred Wyvern	ANPR	ancientsacredwyvern	Fairy/Synchro/Effect	Light	7	2100	2000			1 LIGHT Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters :: While your Life Points are higher than your opponent's, this card gains ATK equal to the difference. While your Life Points are lower than your opponent's, this card loses ATK equal to the difference. When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, you can pay 1000 Life Points to Special Summon this card.
Archfiend Zombie-Skull	ANPR	ArchfiendZombieSkull1	Zombie/Synchro/Effect	Dark	6	2500	1200			Plaguespreader Zombie + 2 or more non-Tuner Zombie-Type monsters. Face-up Zombie-Type monsters you control cannot be destroyed by card effects.
Armed Sea Hunter	ANPR	armedseahunter	Sea Serpent/Effect	Water	4	1800	400			If you control a face-up Water monster, other than this card, negate the effect(s) of an Effect Monster that battles this card after damage calculation. If this card would be destroyed, you can destroy 1 face-up Level 3 or lower Water monster you control instead.
Armored Axon Kicker	ANPR	armoredaxonkicker	Psychic/Effect	Earth	6	2200	1800			If you control a face-up Psychic-Type monster, you can Normal Summon this card without Tributes. If this card destroys a monster by battle, take damage equal to half the ATK of the destroyed monster, and then you can Special Summon 1 monster from your Graveyard with an ATK equal or lower than the damage you took.
At One With the Sword	ANPR	AtOneWiththeSword	Normal Trap							Activate only if the only monster you control is a face-up "X-Saber" monster. After activation, this card becomes an Equip Card; equip it to the "X-Saber" monster you control. It gains 800 ATK. If the equipped monster destroys an opponent's monster by battle, draw 1 card.
Battle of the Elements	ANPR	battleoftheelements	Normal Trap							Activate only while all monsters on the field are face-up. Both players send monsters they control to the Graveyard so that they control only 1 Attribute.
Battle Teleportation	ANPR	battleteleportation	Normal Trap							If you control only 1 face-up Psychic-Type monster, activate by selecting that 1 monster. It can attack your opponent directly this turn. At the end of the Battle Phase of this turn, give control of it to your opponent.
Blackwing - Fane the Steel Chain	ANPR	blackwingfanethesteelchain	Winged Beast/Effect	Dark	2	500	800			This card can attack your opponent directly. When this card attacks your opponent directly and inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent, change 1 Attack Position monster your opponent controls to Defense Position.
Blackwing - Mistral the Silver Shield	ANPR	blackwingmistralthesilvershield	Winged Beast/Tuner	Dark	2	100	1800			If this card on the field is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard, reduce the Battle Damage you take from the next attack this turn to 0.
Blackwing - Vayu the Emblem of Honor	ANPR	blackwingvayutheemblemofhonor	Winged Beast/Tuner	Dark	1	800	0			If this card is face-up on the field, you cannot use it for a Synchro Summon. If this card is in your Graveyard, you can remove from play this card plus 1 non-Tuner "Blackwing" monster in your Graveyard, and Special Summon 1 "Blackwing" Synchro Monster from your Extra Deck who Level equals the total Levels of the removed monsters. The effect(s) of that Synchro Monster is negated.
Brain Research Lab	ANPR	brainresearchlab	Field Spell							Both players, during their respective turns, can Normal Summon 1 Psychic-Type monster in addition to their Normal Summon or Set for the turn. Each time a Psychic-Type monster is Normal Summoned this way, place 1 Psychic Counter on this card. If you would activate the effect of a Psychic-Type monster you control by paying Life Points, you can place 1 Psychic Counter on this card instead. When this card is removed from the field, its controller takes damage equal to the number of Psychic Counters that were on it x 1000.
Core Blaster	ANPR	coreblaster	Equip Spell							Equip only to a "Koa'ki Meiru" monster. If the equipped monster battles a LIGHT or DARK monster, skip the damage calculation and destroy that monster. When this card is sent to the Graveyard because the equipped monster was removed from the field, you can return this card to your hand.
Core Compression	ANPR	corecompression	Normal Spell							Reveal 1 "Iron Core of Koa'Ki Meiru" from your hand and discard 1 "Koa'ki Meiru" monster from your hand to draw 2 cards.
Core Reinforcement	ANPR	corereinforcement	Continuous Trap							Special Summon 1 "Koa'ki Meiru" monster from your Graveyard in Attack Position on your side of the field. When that monster is destroyed during your End Phase, the controller of that monster takes damage equal to that monster's ATK. When this card is removed from the field, destroy the monster. When the monster is removed from the field, destroy this card.
Cyborg Doctor	ANPR	cyborgdoctor	Spellcaster/Effect	Earth	4	1500	1700			Activate by Tributing 1 Tuner Monster. Special Summon 1 monster from your Graveyard of the same Attribute and Level as the Tributed monster. This effect can only be used once per turn.
Damage Translation	ANPR	damagetranslation	Normal Trap							Damage to you from card effects is halved until the end of this turn. During the End Phase of this turn, Special Summon 1 "Ghost Token" (Fiend-Type/DARK/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0) in Defense Position for each effect that inflicted effect damage to you.
Darksea Float	ANPR	darkseafloat	Machine/Effect	Dark	1	0	300			When this card on the field is destroyed by a card effect and sent to the Graveyard, draw 1 card.
Darksea Rescue	ANPR	darksearescue	Machine/Effect	Dark	1	0	0			When this card is sent to the Graveyard for the Synchro Summon of a Synchro Monster, draw 1 card from your Deck.
Depth Amulet	ANPR	depthamulet	Continuous Trap							When an opponent's monster declares an attack, you can discard 1 card from your hand to the Graveyard and negate the attack. This card is destroyed during your opponent's 3rd End Phase after activation.
Discord	ANPR	discord	Continuous Trap							Neither player can Synchro Summon. This card is sent to the Graveyard during your 3rd End Phase after activation.
Divine Dragon Aquabizarre	ANPR	divinedragonaquabizarre	Sea Serpent/Effect	Water	5	2100	1500			Tribute 1 other face-up Water monster, and select 1 Continuous Spell Card or 1 Field Spell Card in your Graveyard. Return the selected card from your Graveyard to the top of your Deck. This effect can only be used once per turn.
Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua	ANPR	earthboundimmortalchacuchallhua	Fish/Effect	Dark	10	2900	2400			There can only be 1 face-up "Earthbound Immortal" monster on the field. If there is no face-up Field Spell card on the field, destroy this card. Your opponent cannot select this card as an attack target. This card can attack your opponent directly. While this card is in face-up Defense Position, your opponent cannot conduct their Battle Phase. Once per turn, you can inflict damage to your opponent equal to half the DEF of this card. This card cannot attack the turn this effect is used.
Earthbound Immortal Cusillu	ANPR	earthboundimmortalcusillu	Beast/Effect	Dark	10	2800	2400			Only 1 "Earthbound Immortal" monster can be face-up on the field. When there are no Field Spell Cards face-up on the field, this card is destroyed. Your opponent cannot select this card as an attack target. This card can attack your opponent directly. If this face-up card would be destroyed by battle, you can instead first Tribute 1 monster you control and then halve your opponent's Life Points.
Emergency Assistance	ANPR	emergencyassistance	Normal Spell							Activate only during Main Phase 2. Special Summon 1 Level 4 monster that was destroyed and sent to the Graveyard by a card effect during this turn.
Fairy Wind	ANPR	fairywind	Normal Trap							Destroy all other face-up Spell and Traps on the field. Both players take damage equal to the total number of cards destroyed by the effect x 300.
Falchion Beta	ANPR	falchionb	Machine/Effect	Light	4	1200	800			When this card destroys a monster by battle, select and activate 1 of the following effects: *Send 1 LIGHT Machine-Type monster with 1200 or less ATK from your Deck to the Graveyard. *Special Summon 1 LIGHT Machine-Type monster with 1200 or less ATK from your Graveyard.
Fishborg Blaster	ANPR	fishborgblaster	Fish/Tuner	Water	1	100	200		A0/T1	If you control a face-up Level 3 or lower Water monster, you can discard 1 card to Special Summon this card from your Graveyard. If this card is used as a Synchro Material Monster, the other Synchro Material Monsters must all be Water monsters.
Flamvell Commando	ANPR	flamvellcommando	Pyro/Effect	Fire	6	2200	200			This card cannot be Special Summoned. This card can only be Normal Summoned by Tributing 1 "Flamvell" monster you control. Once per turn, you can remove from play 1 monster in your Graveyard with 200 DEF to inflict damage to your opponent equal to that monster's ATK
Flamvell Counter	ANPR	flamvellcounter	Counter Trap							Remove from play 1 FIRE monster in your Graveyard with 200 DEF. Negate the activation of a Spell or Trap card, and destroy it.
Flamvell Firedog	ANPR	flamvellfiredog	Beast/Effect	Fire	4	1900	200			When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard, you can Special Summon 1 Fire Monster with 200 or less DEF from your Deck, except "Flamvell Firedog".
Fortune Lady Fire	ANPR	fortuneladyfire	Spellcaster/Effect	Fire	2	?	?			Increase this card's Level by 1 during your Standby Phase (max 12). This card's ATK and DEF are equal to it's level x 200. When this card is Special Summoned in Attack Position by the effect of a "Fortune Lady", destroy 1 monster on your opponent's side of the field, and inflict damage to your opponent equal to that monster's ATK.
Fortune Lady Light	ANPR	fortuneladylight	Spellcaster/Effect	Light	1	?	?			Each of your Standby Phases, increase the Level of this card by 1 (max 12). This card's ATK and DEF are equal to it's Level x 200. When this card is removed from the field by a Card Effect, you can Special Summon 1 "Fortune Lady" from your Deck.
Fossil Dig	ANPR	fossildig	Normal Spell							Add 1 Level 6 or lower Dinosaur-Type monster from your Deck to your hand.
Future Visions	ANPR	futurevisions	Field Spell							When a monster is Normal Summoned, remove from play that monster. During the next Standby Phase of the controller who Summoned that monster, return it to the field in face-up Attack Position.
Gaia Plate the Earth Giant	ANPR	gaiaplatetheearthgiant	Rock/Effect	Earth	8	2800	1000			You can Special Summon this card by removing from play any 2 Rock-Type monsters in your Graveyard. During your Standby Phase, remove from play 1 Rock-Type monster in your Graveyard, or send this card to the Graveyard. Halve the ATK and DEF of any monster that battles with this card.
Genetic Woman	ANPR	geneticwoman	Psychic/Effect	Wind	4	1700	1200			Activate by paying 1000 Life Points, and by selecting 1 of your removed from play Psychic-Type monsters. Add the selected monster to your hand. This effect can only be used once per turn.
Greed Grado	ANPR	greedgrado	Quick-Play Spell							Activate only if you destroyed a face-up Synchro Monster controlled by your opponent this turn, either by battle or by a card effect. Draw 2 cards.
Hydro Pressure Cannon	ANPR	hydropressurecannon	Equip Spell							Equip only to a Level 3 or lower Water monster. If it destroys a monster of your opponent's by battle, send 1 random card from your opponent's hand to the Graveyard.
Imperial Custom	ANPR	imperialcustom	Continuous Trap							Face-up Continuous Trap Cards cannot be destroyed, except "Imperial Custom". You can control only 1 face-up "Imperial Custom".
Infernity Beast	ANPR	infernitybeast	Beast/Effect	Dark	3	1600	1200			While you have no cards in your hand, this card gains the following effect: When this card attacks, your opponent cannot activate Spell or Trap Cards until the end of the Damage Step.
Iron Core Luster	ANPR	ironcoreluster	Counter Trap							Reveal 1 "Iron Core of Koa'ki Meiru" from your hand to negate the activation of an opponent's Spell or Trap Card and destroy it.
Jester Confit	ANPR	jesterconfit	Spellcaster/Effect	Dark	1	0	0			You can Special Summon this card from your hand in face-up Attack Position. If you do, return this card and 1 face-up monster your opponent controls to the hand during the End Phase of your opponent's next turn. You can only control 1 face-up "Jester Confit"
Jester Lord	ANPR	jesterlord	Spellcaster/Effect	Dark	1	0	0			If this is the only monster on the field, this card gains 1000 ATK for every Spell and Trap Card on the field.
Koa'ki Meiru Boulder	ANPR	koakimeiruboulder	Rock/Effect	Earth	4	1200	1000			When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, you can add 1 "Iron Core of Koa'Ki Meiru" or a Level 4 or lower "Koa'ki Meiru" monster from your Deck to your hand.
Koa'ki Meiru Crusader	ANPR	koakimeirucrusader	Beast-Warrior/Effect	Earth	4	1900	1300			During your End Phase destroy this card unless you send 1 "Iron Core of Koa'ki Meiru" from your hand to the Graveyard or reveal 1 Beast-Warrior-Type monster in your hand. If this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle, you can add 1 "Koa'ki Meiru" card from your Graveyard to your hand.
Koa'ki Meiru Ghoulungulate	ANPR	koakimeirughoulungulate	Zombie/Effect	Earth	5	2500	1700			During each of your End Phases, destroy this card unless you send 1 "Iron Core of Koa'ki Meiru" from your hand to the Graveyard or reveal 1 Zombie-Type monster in your hand. If a "Koa'ki Meiru" monster you control would be destroyed by battle or by a card effect, you can remove from play 1 "Koa'ki Meiru" monster in your Graveyard instead.
Koa'ki Meiru Gravirose	ANPR	koakimeirugravirose	Plant/Effect	Fire	4	1900	1300			During each of your End Phases, destroy this card unless you send 1 "Iron Core of Koa'ki Meiru" from your hand to the Graveyard or reveal 1 Plant-Type monster in your hand. During each of your Standby Phases, you can send 1 Level 3 or lower monster from your Deck to your Graveyard.
Koa'ki Meiru Hydro Barrier	ANPR	koakimeiruhydrobarrier	Aqua/Effect	Water	3	1000	1900			Deck to negate the effects of all face-up Effect Monsters (except "Koa'ki Meiru" monsters) until your next Standby Phase.
Koa'ki Meiru Speeder	ANPR	koakimeiruspeeder	Machine/Effect	Wind	3	1200	2200			The controller of this card must send 1 "Iron Core of Koa'ki Meiru" from their hand to the Graveyard or reveal 1 Machine-Type monster from their hand during each End Phase. If you do not, destroy this card. If you draw an "Iron Core of Koa'ki Meiru" and this card is face-up on your side of the field, you can reveal it to draw 1 more card.
Koa'ki Meiru Tornado	ANPR	koakimeirutornado	Winged Beast/Effect	Wind	4	1500	1200			You can return 1 "Iron Core of Koa'Ki Meiru" from your hand to the top of your Deck to destroy all Special Summoned monsters your opponent controls.
Kuribon	ANPR	kuribon	Fairy/Effect	Light	1	300	200			If this card was selected as an attack target by your opponent's monster, you can activate this effect during damage calculation. You take no Battle Damage from this battle, your opponent gains Life Points equal to the attacking monster's ATK, and then you return this card to your hand.
Magicat	ANPR	magicat	Spellcaster/Effect	Light	2	600	500			If this card is sent to the Graveyard for the Synchro Summon of a Spellcaster-Type Synchro Monster, you can return 1 Spell Card from your Graveyard to the top of your Deck.
Minefieldriller	ANPR	minefieldriller	Machine/Effect	Earth	4	1500	1500			When this face-up card is removed from the field, you can add 1 Field Spell card from your Graveyard to your hand.
Morphtronic Magnen Bar	ANPR	morphtronicmagnenbar	Thunder/Effect	Earth	1	100	100			*While in Attack Position: Once per turn, if you control exactly 2 other face-up Attack Position monsters, and no additional monsters, this card gains the combined ATK of the other two monsters until the End Phase. The other two monsters cannot attack the turn you activate this effect. *While in Defense Position: Monsters you control cannot attack.
Pseudo Space	ANPR	pseudospace	Field Spell							Once per turn, you can remove from play 1 Field Spell Card in your Graveyard to have this card be treated as that card, and gain the same effects until the End Phase.
Psychic Emperor	ANPR	psychicemperor	Psychic/Effect	Light	6	2400	1000			When this card is Normal or Special Summoned, gain 500 Life Points for each Psychic-Type monster in your Graveyard.
Psychic Soul	ANPR	psychicsoul	Normal Trap							Activate by Tributing 1 Psychic-Type monster. Gain Life Points equal to its level x 300.
Reinforce Truth	ANPR	reinforcetruth	Normal Trap							Special Summon 1 Level 2 or lower Warrior-Type monster from your Deck. You cannot conduct your Battle Phase the turn you activate this card.
Rekindling	ANPR	rekindling	Normal Spell							Special Summon as many FIRE monsters with 200 DEF from your Graveyard as possible. The monsters Special Summoned by this effect are removed from play during the End Phase.
Release Restraint Wave	ANPR	releaserestraintwave	Normal Spell							Select one face-up Equip Spell Card you control. Destroy the selected card and every face-down Spell and Trap your opponent controls.
Revival of the Immortals	ANPR	revivaloftheimmortals	Normal Trap							Select 1 "Earthbound Immortal" monster in your Graveyard. Special Summon that monster. It cannot declare an attack this turn. Whenever it battles, your opponent takes no Battle Damage.
Saber Slash	ANPR	saberslash	Normal Spell							Destroy a number of face-up cards on the field equal to the number of face-up "X-Saber" monsters you control.
Sauropod Brachion	ANPR	sauropodbrachion	Dinosaur/Effect	Earth	8	1500	3000			You cannot Special Summon this card from your Deck. You can Tribute Summon this card by Tributing 1 Dinosaur-Type monster. Once per turn, you can change this card to face-down Defense Position. When this card is Flip Summoned, change all other monsters to face-down Defense Position. If your opponent attacks this card, any Battle Damage they take is doubled.
Scary Moth	ANPR	scarymoth	Insect/Effect	Wind	6	1800	2300			While this card is face-up on the field, both players can only Special Summon a monster once per turn.
Shark Cruiser	ANPR	sharkcruiser	Fish/Effect	Water	5	1800	2200			If this face-up card is destroyed by your opponent's card effect, you can Special Summon up to 2 Level 4 or lower Water monsters from your Deck.
Shiny Black "C"	ANPR	shinyblackc	Insect/Effect	Earth	1	200	500			When 1 Synchro Monster is Special Summoned to your opponent's side of the field, you can remove from play this card from your Graveyard to destroy that 1 Synchro Monster.
Silver Wing	ANPR	silverwing	Equip Spell							This card can only be equipped to a Level 8 or higher Dragon-Type Synchro Monster. The equipped monster may not be destroyed as a result of battle twice per turn. If the equipped monster would be destroyed, you may destroy this card instead.
Slip of Fortune	ANPR	slipoffortune	Normal Trap							Activate only when your opponent's monster declares an attack targeting a monster. Negate the attack and remove from play the attack target monster until the next Standby Phase.
Spirit Burner	ANPR	spiritburner	Equip Spell							Once per turn, you can switch the equipped monster to Defense Position. When this card is sent to the Graveyard because the equipped monster returned from the field to the hand, inflict 600 damage to your opponent. If this card is in your Graveyard during your Draw Phase, you may add it to your hand instead of drawing.
Sunlight Unicorn	ANPR	sunlightunicorn	Beast/Effect	Light	4	1800	1000			Once per turn, during your Main Phase, you can reveal the top card of your Deck. If it is an Equip Spell Card, add it to your hand. If it is not, place it on the bottom of your Deck.
Sunny Pixie	ANPR	sunnypixie	Spellcaster/Tuner	Light	1	300	400			If this card is sent to the Graveyard for the Synchro Summon of a LIGHT Synchro Monster, gain 1000 Life Points.
Sword of Sparkles	ANPR	swordofsparkles	Equip Spell							Equip only to a face-up "X-Saber" monster. If it destroys a monster of your opponent's by battle, you can destroy 1 card your opponent controls. Also, by Tributing 1 monster, return this card in your Graveyard to the top of your Deck.
Turbo Cannon	ANPR	TurboCannon1	Machine/Synchro/Effect	Fire	3	0	0			Turbo Rocket + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters. Once per turn, you can destroy 1 face-up monster on the field and inflict damage to its controller equal to half of its ATK.
Turbo Rocket	ANPR	turborocket	Machine/Tuner	Wind	2	0	0			If this card attacks, it is not destroyed by battle. After damage calculation, inflict damage to your opponent equal to half of the target monster's ATK.
Water Hazard	ANPR	waterhazard	Continuous Spell							Once per turn, if you control no monsters, you can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Water monster from your hand.
White Potan	ANPR	whitepotan	Fairy/Effect	Light	1	100	200			If you control a face-up Tuner monster, this card cannot be destroyed by battle. When a face-up Tuner monster you control is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, inflict 500 damage to your opponent.
XX-Saber Faultroll	ANPR	xxsaberfaultroll	Warrior/Effect	Earth	6	2400	1800			This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card cannot be Special Summoned except if you control 2 or more face-up "X-Saber" monsters. Once per turn, you can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "X-Saber" from your Graveyard.
XX-Saber Gardestrike	ANPR	xxsabergardestrike	Beast-Warrior/Effect	Earth	5	2100	1400			If you have 2 or more "X-Saber" monsters in your Graveyard and you control no monsters, you can Special Summon this card from your hand.
XX-Saber Gottoms	ANPR	xxsabergottoms	Beast-Warrior/Synchro/Effect	Earth	9	3100	2600			1 Tuner Monster + 1 or more Earth monsters :: You can Tribute 1 "X-Saber" monster to discard 1 random card from your opponent's hand.
XX-Saber Ragigura	ANPR	xxsaberragigura	Beast-Warrior/Effect	Earth	1	200	1000			When this card is Normal Summoned or Special Summoned, you can add 1 "X-Saber" monster from your Graveyard to your hand.
Against the Wind	RGBT	AgainsttheWind	Normal Spell							Select 1 "Blackwing" monster in your Graveyard. Take damage equal to the ATK of the selected monster, and add it to your hand.
Alien Dog	RGBT	AlienDog	Reptile/Effect	Light	3	1500	1000			When you Normal Summon an "Alien" monster, you can Special Summon this card from your hand. When you do, place 2 A-Counters on face-up monster(s) your opponent controls.
Attack of the Cornered Rat	RGBT	AttackoftheCorneredRat	Continuous Trap							If a Level 3 or lower Normal Monster you control battles, during the Damage Step you can pay Life Points in multiples of 100. The ATK of the opponent's monster is reduced by the amount of Life Points you paid, until the End Phase. (You cannot pay more Life Points than the ATK of the opponent's monster.)
Automatic Laser	RGBT	AutomaticLaser	Normal Trap							When your opponent Normal or Special Summons a monster(s) with 1000 or more ATK, reveal 1 "Iron Core of Koa'ki Meiru" in your hand to activate this card. Destroy that Summoned monster(s).
Battlestorm	RGBT	Battlestorm	Winged Beast/Effect	Dark	4	1700	1000			This card gains 100 ATK for each face-up Winged Beast-Type monster you control. Once per turn, if you control 3 or more face-up Winged Beast-Type monsters, you can destroy 1 Spell or Trap Card your opponent controls.
Beast Striker	RGBT	BeastStriker	Beast/Effect	Earth	4	1850	400			Once per turn, you can discard 1 card to Special Summon 1 "Moja" from your Deck.
Berserking	RGBT	Berserking	Continuous Trap							Once per turn, during your Main Phase or your opponent's Battle Phase, you can select 2 face-up Beast-Type monsters on the field. Until the end of turn, 1 of the selected monsters loses half its ATK, and the other monster gains an equal amount of ATK.
Blackwing - Elphin the Raven	RGBT	BlackwingElphintheRaven	Winged Beast/Effect	Dark	6	2200	1200			If you control a face-up "Blackwing" monster, you can Normal Summoned this card without Tributing. When this card is Normal Summoned, you can change the Battle Position of 1 monster your opponent controls.
Blackwing - Kalut the Moon Shadow	RGBT	BlackwingKaluttheMoonShadow	Winged Beast/Effect	Dark	3	1400	1000			When a "Blackwing" monster you control attacks or is attacked, you can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard during the Damage Step to have that monster gain 1400 ATK until the End Phase.
Bone Temple Block	RGBT	BoneTempleBlock	Normal Trap							Discard 1 card. Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower monster from your opponent's Graveyard to your side of the field, and your opponent Special Summons 1 Level 4 or lower monster from your Graveyard to your opponent's side of the field. Those monsters are destroyed during the End Phase of the next turn.
Brain Golem	RGBT	BrainGolem	Fiend/Effect	Dark	6	2500	1800			Effects of all face-up LIGHT monsters are negated. If this card destroys a LIGHT monster by battle, it can attack once again in a row.
Calming Magic	RGBT	CalmingMagic	Normal Spell							This card can only be activated at the start of Main Phase 1. During the Main Phases and Battle Phase of this turn, neither player can Summon monsters.
Chaos-End Master	RGBT	ChaosEndMaster	Warrior/Tuner/Effect	Light	3	1500	1000			When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard, you can Special Summon 1 Level 5 or higher monster with 1600 or less ATK from your Deck.
Crimson Fire	RGBT	CrimsonFire	Counter Trap							Activate only when your opponent activates a Spell or Trap Card that inflicts damage while you control a face-up "Red Dragon Archfiend". You take no damage, and your opponent takes twice the effect damage you would have taken, instead.
Dark Verger	RGBT	DarkVerger	Plant/Effect	Earth	2	0	1000			When a Plant-Type Tuner monster is Normal Summoned to your side of the field, you can Special Summon this card from your Graveyard in Attack Position.
Deep Sea Diva	RGBT	DeepSeaDiva	Sea Serpent/Tuner/Effect	Water	2	200	400			When this card is Normal Summoned, you can Special Summon 1 Level 3 or lower Sea Serpent-Type monster from your Deck.
Delta Crow - Anti Reverse	RGBT	DeltaCrowAntiReverse	Normal Trap							Activate only while you control a face-up "Blackwing" monster. If you control exactly 3 "Blackwing" monsters, this card can be activated from your hand. Destroy all face-down Spell and Trap Cards your opponent controls.
Double Tool C&D	RGBT	DoubleToolC&D	Equip Spell							Equip only to "Power Tool Dragon" or a Level 4 or higher Machine-Type "Morphtronic" monster. While equipped: *During your turn: It gains 1000 ATK. If it attacks, the effect(s) of the attack target is negated during the Battle Phase. *During your opponent's turn: Your opponent cannot select a monster other than the equipped monster as an attack target. An opponent's monster that battles the equipped monster is destroyed at the end of the Damage Step.
Earthbound Immortal Aslla Piscu	RGBT	EarthboundImmortalAsllaPiscu	Winged Beast/Effect	Dark	10	2500	2500			There can only be 1 face-up "Earthbound Immortal" monster on the field. If there is no face-up Field Spell Card on the field, destroy this card. Your opponent cannot select this card as an attack target. This card can attack your opponent directly. When this card is removed from the field except by its own effect, destroy all monsters your opponent controls and inflict 800 damage to your opponent for each monster destroyed.
Earthbound Immortal Ccapac Apu	RGBT	EarthboundImmortalCcapacApu	Fiend/Effect	Dark	10	3000	2500			There can only be 1 face-up "Earthbound Immortal" monster on the field. If there is no face-up Field Spell Card on the field, destroy this card. Your opponent cannot select this card as an attack target. This card can attack your opponent directly. If this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle, inflict damage to your opponent equal to the destroyed monster's ATK.
Emissary from Pandemonium	RGBT	EmissaryfromPandemonium	Fiend/Tuner/Effect	Earth	7	2600	1800			This card cannot be Special Summoned. You can Normal Summon this card with 1 Tribute. If you do, it becomes Level 5 and its original ATK and DEF are halved.
Emperor Sem	RGBT	EmperorSem	Fiend/Effect	Light	4	1300	2200			Each time you Tribute Summon a monster, each player can select 1 card from their Graveyard and return it to the top of their Deck.
Evil Thorn	RGBT	EvilThorn	Plant/Effect	Dark	1	100	300			You can Tribute this card to inflict 300 damage to your opponent and Special Summon up to 2 "Evil Thorn"(s) from your Deck in face-up Attack Position. Those monsters' effects cannot be activated.
Exploder Dragonwing	RGBT	ExploderDragonwing	Dragon/Synchro/Effect	Dark	7	2400	1600			1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner Dragon-Type monsters If this card battles a monster whose ATK is equal to or less than the ATK of this card, you can destroy the monster immediately with this card's effect without applying damage calculation, and inflict damage to your opponent equal to that monster's ATK.
Fake Feather	RGBT	FakeFeather	Normal Trap							Send 1 "Blackwing" monster from your hand to the graveyard and select 1 Normal Trap Card in your opponent's graveyard. The effect of this card will be the same as the selected Normal Trap Card.
G.B. Hunter	RGBT	GBHunter	Warrior/Effect	Earth	4	1200	2000			Cards on the field cannot be returned to the Deck.
Gadget Arms	RGBT	GadgetArms	Machine/Effect	Water	2	200	400			FLIP: Select 1 "Morphtronic" Spell or Trap Card in your Graveyard and add it to your hand.
Gigastone Omega	RGBT	GigastoneOmega	Rock/Effect	Earth	5	1000	2300			This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card can only be Special Summoned by removing from play 2 EARTH monsters from your Graveyard. When this face-up card you control is sent to the Graveyard by a card effect, destroy all Spell and Trap Cards your opponent controls.
Grave of the Super Ancient Organism	RGBT	GraveoftheSuperAncientOrganism	Continuous Trap							All face-up Level 6 or higher Special Summoned monsters on the field cannot declare an attack or activate their effects.
Immortal Ruler	RGBT	ImmortalRuler	Zombie/Effect	Earth	4	1800	800			This card cannot be Special Summoned. You can Tribute this card to add 1 "Zombie World" from your Graveyard to your hand.
Iron Core Immediate Disposal	RGBT	IronCoreImmediateDisposal	Normal Spell							Select and send 1 "Iron Core of Koa'ki Meiru" from your Deck to your Graveyard.
Iron Core of Koa'ki Meiru	RGBT	IronCoreofKoakiMeiru	Normal Spell							During your Draw Phase, if this card is in your Graveyard, you can add this card to your hand instead of drawing, and/or send 1 "Koa'ki Meiru" monster from your hand to your Graveyard to add this card to your hand.
Junk Box	RGBT	JunkBox	Normal Spell							Select and Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Morphtronic" monster from your Graveyard. Destroy it during the End Phase.
King of the Beasts	RGBT	KingoftheBeasts	Beast/Effect	Earth	7	2500	800			You can Tribute 1 face-up "Moja" you control to Special Summon this card from your hand or Graveyard. There can only be 1 face-up "King of Beasts" on the field.
Koa'ki Meiru Doom	RGBT	KoakiMeiruDoom	Fiend/Effect	Wind	3	1700	800			During each of your End Phases, destroy this card unless you send 1 "Iron Core of Koa'ki Meiru" from your hand to the Graveyard or reveal 1 Fiend-Type monster in your hand. Effects of LIGHT and DARK monsters that activate during the Main Phase are negated.
Koa'ki Meiru Drago	RGBT	KoakiMeiruDrago	Dragon/Effect	Wind	4	1900	1600			During each of your End Phases, destroy this card unless you send 1 "Iron Core of Koa'ki Meiru" from your hand to the Graveyard or reveal 1 Dragon-Type monster in your hand. LIGHT and DARK monsters cannot be Special Summoned.
Koa'ki Meiru Guardian	RGBT	KoakiMeiruGuardian	Rock/Effect	Earth	4	1900	1200			During each of your End Phases, destroy this card unless you send 1 "Iron Core of Koa'ki Meiru" from your hand to the Graveyard or reveal 1 Rock-Type monster in your hand. You can Tribute this card to negate the activation of an Effect Monster's effect and destroy that monster.
Koa'ki Meiru Ice	RGBT	KoakiMeiruIce	Aqua/Effect	Water	4	1900	1200			During each of your End Phases, destroy this card unless you send 1 "Iron Core of Koa'ki Meiru" from your hand to the Graveyard or reveal 1 Continuous Spell Card in your hand. You can send 1 card from your hand to the Graveyard to destroy 1 Special Summoned monster on the field.
Koa'ki Meiru Powerhand	RGBT	KoakiMeiruPowerhand	Machine/Effect	Earth	4	2100	1600			During each of your End Phases, destroy this card unless you send 1 "Iron Core of Koa'ki Meiru" from your hand to the Graveyard or reveal 1 Normal Trap Card in your hand. If this card battles a LIGHT or DARK monster, that monster's effect(s) is negated during the Battle Phase, while this card remains on the field.
Koa'ki Meiru Valafar	RGBT	KoakiMeiruValafar	Fiend/Effect	Fire	8	3000	2100			During each of your End Phases, destroy this card unless you send 1 "Iron Core of Koa'ki Meiru" from your hand to the Graveyard. You can Tribute Summon this monster by Tributing 1 "Koa'ki Meiru" monster. This card cannot be destroyed by the effect of Trap Cards. During battle between this attacking card and a Defense Position monster whose DEF is lower then the ATK of this card, inflict the difference as Damage Damage to your opponent.
Koa'ki Meiru War Arms	RGBT	KoakiMeiruWarArms	Warrior/Effect	Earth	4	1400	1200			During each of your End Phases, destroy this card unless you send 1 "Iron Core of Koa'ki Meiru" from your hand to the Graveyard or reveal 1 Warrior-Type monster from your hand. Once per turn, you can select 1 level 3 or lower Warrior-Type monster in your Graveyard and equip it to this card. This card gains ATK equal to half of those equipped cards combined ATK. If this card would be destroyed by battle, the monsters equipped are destroyed instead.(There is no limit on the number of monsters that cant be equipped to this card.)
Lava Dragon	RGBT	LavaDragon	Dragon/Effect	Fire	4	1600	1200			You can Tribute this face-up Defense Position card to Special Summon 2 Level 3 or lower Dragon-Type monsters: 1 from your hand, and 1 from your Graveyard.
Level Retuner	RGBT	LevelRetuner	Normal Trap							Reduce the Level of 1 face-up monster you control by up to 2.
Magic Planter	RGBT	MagicPlanter	Normal Spell							Send 1 face-up Continuous Trap Card you control to the Graveyard. Draw 2 cards.
Master Gig	RGBT	MasterGig	Psychic/Effect	Earth	8	2600	1400			Once per turn, you can pay 1000 Life Points to destroy monsters your opponent controls equal to the number of Psychic-Type monsters you control.
Mermaid Archer	RGBT	MermaidArcher	Sea Serpent/Effect	Water	3	1200	200			Once per turn, you can equip 1 Level 3 or lower monster you control to this card. If you do, this card gains 800 ATK. If this card would be destroyed, you can destroy the equipped monster instead. (You can only equip 1 monster at a time to this card.)
Mind Trust	RGBT	MindTrust	Normal Spell							Tribute 1 Level 2 or higher monster. Add 1 Tuner Monster from your Graveyard to your hand whose Level is less than or equal to half of the Tributed monster's.
Minoan Centaur	RGBT	MinoanCentaur	Beast-Warrior/Effect	Earth	6	1800	1000			This card cannot be Special Summoned. You can Tribute this card to Special Summon 2 Level 4 Beast-Warrior-Type Normal Monsters from your Deck.
Mirror of Oaths	RGBT	MirrorofOaths	Normal Trap							Activate only when your opponent Special Summons a monster(s) from their Deck. Destroy that monster(s) and draw 1 card.
Moja	RGBT	Moja	Beast/Effect	Earth	1	100	100			When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, you can add 1 Level 4 Beast-Type monster from your Graveyard to your hand.
Morphtronic Bind	RGBT	MorphtronicBind	Continuous Trap							While you control a face-up "Morphtronic" monster, all Level 4 or higher monsters your opponent controls cannot attack or change their battle positions.
Morphtronic Remoten	RGBT	MorphtronicRemoten	Machine/Tuner/Effect	Earth	3	300	1200			*While in Attack Position: Once per turn, you can remove from play 1 "Morphtronic" monster from your Graveyard and add 1 "Morphtronic" monster with the same Level as that monster from your Deck to your hand. *While in Defense Position: Once per turn, you can send 1 "Morphtronic" monster from your hand to the Graveyard and add 1 "Morphtronic" monster with the same Level as that monster from your Graveyard to your hand.
Morphtronic Repair Unit	RGBT	MorphtronicRepairUnit	Equip Spell							Send 1 "Morphtronic" monster from your hand to the Graveyard and select 1 "Morphtronic" monster in your Graveyard. Special Summon the selected monster and equip it with this card. The equipped monster cannot change its Battle Position. When this card is removed from the Field, destroy the equipped monster.
Morphtronic Scopen	RGBT	MorphtronicScopen	Machine/Tuner/Effect	Light	3	800	1400			*While in Attack Position: Once per turn, you can Special Summon 1 Level 4 "Morphtronic" monster from your hand. *While in Defense Position: While this card is face-up on the field, it is treated as a Level 4 monster.
Morphtronic Videon	RGBT	MorphtronicVideon	Machine/Effect	Light	4	1000	1000			*While in Attack Position: This card gains 800 ATK for each Equip Card equipped to it. *While in Defense Position: This card gains 800 DEF for each Equip Card equipped to it.
Natural Tune	RGBT	NaturalTune	Normal Spell							Select 1 face-up Level 4 or lower Normal Monster you control. It is treated as a Tuner monster while it is face-up on the field.
Ojama Blue	RGBT	OjamaBlue	Beast/Effect	Light	2	0	1000			When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, you can add 2 "Ojama" cards from your Deck to your hand (this can include "Ojamuscle").
Ojama Country	RGBT	OjamaCountry	Field Spell							Once per turn, you can send 1 "Ojama" card from your hand to the Graveyard to Special Summon 1 "Ojama" monster from your Graveyard. While you control a face-up "Ojama" monster, switch the original ATK and DEF of all monsters on the field.
Ojama Red	RGBT	OjamaRed	Beast/Effect	Light	2	0	1000			When this card is Normal Summoned, you can Special Summon up to 4 "Ojama" monsters from your hand in Attack Position.
One For One	RGBT	OneForOne	Normal Spell						A1/T1	Send 1 Monster Card from your hand to the Graveyard. Special Summon 1 Level 1 monster from your hand or Deck.
Overdoom Line	RGBT	OverdoomLine	Continuous Trap							All Plant-Type monsters Special Summoned from the Graveyard to your side of field while this card is face-up on the field gain 1000 ATK. Destroy this card during your 2nd End Phase after activation.
Overwhelm	RGBT	Overwhelm	Counter Trap							Activate only while you control a face-up Level 7 or higher monster that was Tribute Summoned. Negate the activation of a Trap Card or Effect Monster's effect and destroy that card.
Phoenixian Cluster Amaryllis	RGBT	PhoenixianClusterAmaryllis	Plant/Effect	Fire	8	2200	0			This card cannot be Special Summoned except with its own effect or with "Phoenixian Seed". If this card attacks, it is destroyed after damage calculation. If this card you control is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard, inflict 800 damage to your opponent. During your End Phase, you can remove from play 1 Plant-Type monster from your Graveyard to Special Summon this card from your Graveyard in Defense Position.
Phoenixian Seed	RGBT	PhoenixianSeed	Plant/Effect	Fire	2	800	0			You can send this face-up card to the Graveyard to Special Summon 1 "Phoenixian Cluster Amaryllis" from your hand.
Power Tool Dragon	RGBT	PowerToolDragon	Machine/Synchro/Effect	Earth	7	2300	2500			1 Tuner + 1 or more Non-Tuner monsters Once per turn during your Main Phase, you can select 3 Equip Spell Cards from your Deck, have your opponent pick 1 of them at random, and add it to your hand. Return the remaining cards to your Deck. If this card would be destroyed while equipped with an Equip Spell Card, you can send that card to the Graveyard instead.
Proof of Powerlessness	RGBT	ProofofPowerlessness	Normal Trap							Activate only while you control a face-up Level 7 or higher monster. Destroy all face-up Level 5 or lower monsters your opponent controls. Monsters you control cannot attack this turn.
Psychic Path	RGBT	PsychicPath	Normal Spell							Pay 800 Life Points and select up to 2 of your removed from play Psychic-Type monsters. Add them to your hand.
Reckoned Power	RGBT	ReckonedPower	Normal Trap							Reveal 1 "Iron Core of Koa'ki Meiru" in your hand. Destroy all face-down Spell and Trap Cards your opponent controls.
Reinforced Human Psychic Borg	RGBT	ReinforcedHumanPsychicBorg	Psychic/Effect	Earth	4	1500	800			Up to twice per turn, you can remove 1 Psychic-Type monster from your Graveyard to have this card gain 500 ATK.
Rockstone Warrior	RGBT	RockstoneWarrior	Rock/Effect	Earth	4	1800	1600			You take no Battle Damage from battles involving this card. When this attacking card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, Special Summon 2 "Rockstone Tokens" (Rock-Type/Earth/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0). These Tokens cannot be Tributed for a Tribute Summon.
Rose Tentacles	RGBT	RoseTentacles	Plant/Effect	Earth	6	2200	1200			This card cannot be Special Summoned. At the beginning of your Battle Phase, this card gains 1 additional attack this turn for each face-up Plant-Type monster your opponent controls. Each time this card destroys a Plant-Type monster by battle, inflict 300 damage to your opponent.
Sea Dragon Lord Gishilnodon	RGBT	SeaDragonLordGishilnodon	Sea Serpent/Synchro/Effect	Water	5	2300	1800			1 Tuner + 1 non-Tuner Level 3 monster When a face-up Level 3 or lower monster on the field is sent to the Graveyard, this card's ATK becomes 3000 until the End Phase of this turn.
Spell of Pain	RGBT	SpellofPain	Quick-Play Spell							Activate only when an effect is activated that would inflict effect damage to you. Switch the effect damage to your opponent's Life Points instead.
Sphere of Chaos	RGBT	SphereofChaos	Machine/Effect	Dark	5	1600	0			While this card is face-up on the field its Attribute is also treated as LIGHT. Once per turn, this card cannot be destroyed by battle. When this card is Tribute Summoned, you can add 1 Level 3 monster from your Deck to your hand.
Spined Gillman	RGBT	SpinedGillman	Sea Serpent/Effect	Water	3	1300	0			All Fish-Type, Sea Serpent-Type and Aqua-Type monster you control gain 400 ATK.
Strong Wind Dragon	RGBT	StrongWindDragon	Dragon/Effect	Wind	6	2400	1000			This card cannot be destroyed by battle with a monster that has the same ATK. When this card is Tribute Summoned by Tributing a Dragon-Type monster, it gains ATK equal to half the ATK of the Tributed Monster. During battle between this attacking card and a Defense Position monster whose DEF is lower than the ATK of this card, inflict the difference as Battle Damage to your opponent.
Supremacy Berry	RGBT	SupremacyBerry	Normal Spell							If your Life Points were lower than your opponent's when this card was activated, gain 2000 Life Points. If your Life Points were higher than your opponent's, you take 1000 damage.
Swallow Flip	RGBT	SwallowFlip	Counter Trap							Negate the activation of an Effect Monster's effect that activates when a monster is Special Summoned (including itself), and destroy it.
Swallow's Nest	RGBT	SwallowsNest	Quick-Play Spell							Tribute 1 face-up Winged Beast-Type monster you control to Special Summon 1 Winged Beast-Type monster from the Deck with the same Level as the Tributed monster.
Thorn of Malice	RGBT	ThornofMalice	Equip Spell							Equip only to "Black Rose Dragon" or a Plant-Type monster. It gains 600 ATK. When it attacks a Defense Position monster whose DEF is lower than the ATK of this monster, inflict the difference as Battle Damage to your opponent. If it attacks a monster, that monster loses 600 ATK and DEF after damage calculation. An opponent's monster that battles with the equipped monster cannot be destroyed by that battle.
Torapart	RGBT	Torapart	Warrior/Tuner/Effect	Dark	2	600	600			This card cannot be used as a Synchro Material Monster, except for the Synchro Summon of a Warrior-Type Synchro Monster. If the Synchro Monster that used this card as a Synchro Material Monster attacks, your opponent cannot activate trap Cards until the end of the Damage Step.
Trap Stun	RGBT	TrapStun	Normal Trap							Negate the effects of all other Trap Cards on the field during this turn.
Tree Otter	RGBT	TreeOtter	Beast/Effect	Water	2	1200	100			Once per turn, if you control another face-up Beast-Type monster, you can have 1 face-up monster you control gain 1000 ATK until the End Phase.
Trident Dragion	RGBT	TridentDragion	Dragon/Synchro/Effect	Fire	10	3000	2800			1 Dragon-Type Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner Dragon-Type monsters This monster cannot be Special Summoned except by Synchro Summon. When this card is Synchro Summoned, you can destroy up to 2 cards you control. If you do, for each card destroyed by this effect, this card gains 1 additional attack this turn.
Tuner Capture	RGBT	TunerCapture	Normal Trap							Activate only when your opponent Synchro Summons a monster. Special Summon 1 Tuner Monster used for that Synchro Summon from their Graveyard to your side of the field.
Urgent Synthesis	RGBT	UrgentSynthesis	Normal Spell							Return 1 "Iron Core of Koa'ki Meiru" from your Graveyard to the Deck. Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Koa'ki Meiru" monster from your hand or your Graveyard.
Vanguard of the Dragon	RGBT	VanguardoftheDragon	Dragon/Effect	Earth	4	1700	1300			You can send 1 Dragon-Type monster from your hand to the Graveyard to have this card gain 300 ATK. When this card you control is sent to the Graveyard by your opponent's card effect, you can Special Summon 1 Dragon-Type Normal Monster from either player's Graveyard.
Wicked Rebirth	RGBT	WickedRebirth	Continuous Trap							Pay 800 Life Points, select 1 Synchro Monster from your Graveyard, and Special Summon it in face-up Attack Position. Its effect is negated, and this turn it cannot declare an attack. When this card is removed from the field, destroy that monster. When that monster is destroyed, destroy this card.
Wonder Clover	RGBT	WonderClover	Normal Spell							Select 1 face-up monster you control and send 1 Level 4 Plant-Type monster from your hand to the Graveyard. During this turn, the selected monster can attack twice, but other monsters you control cannot declare an attack.
The Masked Beast	RP02	TheMaskedBeast1	Fiend/Ritual	Dark	8	3200	1800			This card can only be Ritual Summoned with the Ritual Spell Card, "Curse of the Masked Beast".
Thousand-Eyes Restrict	RP02	ThousandEyesRestrict1	Spellcaster/Fusion/Effect	Dark	1	0	0		A0/T1	Relinquished + "Thousand-Eyes Idol" Other monsters cannot change their battle position or attack. Once per turn, you can equip 1 monster your opponent controls to this card (max 1). This card's ATK and DEF become the same as the equipped monster's. If this card would be destroyed by battle, the equipped monster is destroyed instead.
Dark Red Enchanter	SDSC	DarkRedEnchanter	Spellcaster/Effect	Dark	6	1700	2200			When this card is Normal Summoned, put 2 Spell Counters on it. Each time a Spell Card is activated, put 1 Spell Counter on this card. It gains 300 ATK for each Spell Counter on it. Once per turn, you can remove 2 Spell Counters from this card to make your opponent discard 1 random card.
Defender, The Magical Knight	SDSC	DefenderTheMagicalKnight	Spellcaster/Effect	Light	4	1600	2000			When this card is Normal Summoned, place 1 Spell Counter on it (max. 1). Once per turn, if a face-up Spellcaster-Type monster(s) would be destroyed, you can remove 1 Spell Counter from a card you control for each of those monsters instead.
Disenchanter	SDSC	Disenchanter	Spellcaster/Effect	Light	5	2000	2300			Once per turn, You can remove 1 Spell Counter from anywhere on the field to return 1 face-up Spell Card to its owner's hand.
Endymion, The Master Magician	SDSC	EndymionTheMasterMagician	Spellcaster/Effect	Dark	7	2700	1700			You can Special Summon this card from your hand or Graveyard by removing 6 Spell Counters from a "Magical Citadel of Endymion" you control. When you do, add 1 Spell Card from your Graveyard to your hand. Once per turn, You can discard 1 Spell Card to destroy 1 card on the field.
Field Barrier	SDSC	FieldBarrier	Continuous Spell							Field Spell Cards cannot be destroyed. Also, a new Field Spell Card cannot be activated. You can only control 1 face-up "Field Barrier" at a time.
Magical Citadel of Endymion	SDSC	MagicalCitadelofEndymion	Field Spell							Each time a Spell Card is activated, place 1 Spell Counter on this card. When a card with a Spell Counter(s) is destroyed, place its Spell Counters on this card. Once per turn, if you would activate a card's effect by removing a Spell Counter(s) from cards you control, you can remove Spell Counters from this card instead. If this card would be destroyed, you can remove 1 Spell Counter from this card instead.
Magical Marionette	SDSC	MagicalMarionette	Spellcaster/Effect	Dark	5	2000	1000			Each time you or your opponent activates 1 Spell Card put 1 Spell Counter on this card. Increase the ATK of this monster by 200 points for each Spell Counter on this card. Also, you can remove 2 Spell Counters from this card to destroy 1 monster on the field.
Magical Plant Mandragola	SDSC	MagicalPlantMandragola	Spellcaster/Effect	Dark	2	500	200			FLIP: Put 1 Spell Counter on each face-up card on the field that you can put a Spell Counter on.
Skilled Dark Magician	SDSC	SkilledDarkMagician	Spellcaster/Effect	Dark	4	1900	1700			Each time you or your opponent activates 1 Spell Card, put 1 Spell Counter on this card (max. 3). By Tributing this card with 3 Spell Counters on it, Special Summon 1 "Dark Magician" from your hand, Deck, or Graveyard.
Spell Power Grasp	SDSC	SpellPowerGrasp	Normal Spell							Place 1 Spell Counter on a face-up card that you can place a Spell Counter on. Then you can add 1 "Spell Power Grasp" from your Deck to your hand. You can only activate 1 "Spell Power Grasp" per turn.
Featherizer	SDWS	Featherizer	Spellcaster/Effect	Wind	2	700	1100			When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, you can send 1 Gemini Monster from your Deck to the Graveyard and draw 1 card.
Gemini Soldier	SDWS	GeminiSoldier	Warrior/Gemini	Wind	2	500	300			This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field or in the Graveyard. While this card is face-up on the field, you can Normal Summon it again to have it be treated as an Effect Monster with this effect. Once per turn, if this card would be destroyed by battle, it is not destroyed. If this card battles, after Damage calculation, you can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Gemini Monster from your Deck, except "Gemini Soldier".
Hidden Armory	SDWS	HiddenArmory	Normal Spell							Send 1 card from the top of your Deck to the Graveyard. Add 1 Equip Spell Card from your Deck or Graveyard to your hand. You cannot Normal Summon or Set the turn you activate this effect.
Phoenix Gearfried	SDWS	PhoenixGearfried	Warrior/Gemini	Fire	8	2800	2200			This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field or in the Graveyard. While this card is face-up on the field, you can Normal Summon it to have it be treated as an Effect Monster with this effect: When your opponent activates a Spell Card, you can select 1 Gemini Monster from your Graveyard and Special Summon it. Also, you can send 1 face-up Equip Card you control to the Graveyard to negate the activation of a Spell or Trap Card that targets a monster on the field and destroy it.
Supervise	SDWS	Supervise	Equip Spell							Equip only to a Gemini Monster. It is treated as an Effect Monster, and gains its effect(s). When this face-up card on the field is sent to the Graveyard, select and Special Summon 1 Normal Monster from your Graveyard.
Appointer of the Red Lotus	SOVR	AppointeroftheRedLotus	Normal Trap							Pay 2000 Life Points and reveal all cards in your hand.  Look at your opponent's hand and select 1 card.   Remove that card from play until your opponent's next End Phase.
Archlord Kristya	SOVR	ArchlordKristya	Fairy/Effect	Light	8	2800	2300		A2/T2	If you have exactly 4 Fairy-Type monsters in your Graveyard, you can Special Summon this card from your hand.  When you do, add 1 Fairy-Type monster from your Graveyard to your hand.  Neither player can Special Summon monsters.  If this face-up card would be sent from the field to the Graveyard, it returns to the top of the owner's Deck, instead.
Attack Pheromones	SOVR	AttackPheromones	Continuous Spell							If a monster you control attacks a Defense Position monster, change that monster to face-up Attack Position at the end of the Damage Step if your attacking monster is Reptile-Type.
Bending Destiny	SOVR	BendingDestiny	Counter Trap							Activate only if all face-up monsters you control are "Fortune Lady" monsters. Negate the activation of a Spell or Trap Card, or the Normal Summon of a monster, and remove that card from play. The card removed from play by this effect is returned to its owner's hand during the End Phase.
Black Brutdrago	SOVR	BlackBrutdrago	Dragon/Synchro/Effect	Fire	8	3000	2600			Once per turn, you can select and send 1 Gemini monster from your hand to the Graveyard to select and destroy 1 Spell or Trap Card your opponent controls.  When this card is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard, you can select 1 Gemini monster in your Graveyard and Special Summon it.  The Special Summoned Gemini monster is treated as an Effect Monster, and gains its effect.
Blackwing - Silverwind the Ascendant	SOVR	BlackwingSilverwindtheAscendant	Winged Beast/Synchro/Effect	Dark	8	2800	2000			1 "Blackwing" Tuner + 2 or more non-Tuner monsters   When this card is Synchro Summoned, you can select and destroy up to 2 face-up monsters on the field with DEF lower than this card's ATK.  You cannot conduct your Battle Phase the turn you activate this effect.  The next time a "Blackwing" monster you control would be destroyed by battle during your opponent's turn. it is not destroyed, this effect only happens once.
Catoblepas and the Witch of Fate	SOVR	CatoblepasandtheWitchofFate	Spellcaster/Effect	Earth	4	1800	0			When your opponent Special Summons a monster(s), you can remove from play 1 monster with ? ATK from your Graveyard to destroy that Special Summoned monster(s).
Crusader of Endymion	SOVR	CrusaderofEndymion	Spellcaster/Gemini/Effect	Light	4	1900	1200			This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field or in the Graveyard. While this card is face-up on the field, you can Normal Summon it to have it be treated as an Effect Monster with this effect:  Once per turn, you can place 1 Spell Counter on a face-up card on the field that you can place a Spell Counter on.  If you do, this card gains 600 ATK until the End Phase.
Dark Rabbit	SOVR	DarkRabbit	Beast	Dark	4	1100	1500			He leaps up, down, and all around!  Nobody can lay a hand on this funny bunny.
Dark Simorgh	SOVR	DarkSimorgh	Winged Beast/Effect	Dark	7	2700	1000			While this card is face-up on the field its Attribute is also treated as WIND.  You can remove from play 1 DARK monster and 1 WIND monster from your Graveyard to Special Summon this card from your hand.  You can remove from play 1 DARK monster and 1 WIND monster from your hand to Special Summon this card from your Graveyard.  Your opponent cannot Set any cards on the field.
Dark Spider	SOVR	DarkSpider	Insect/Effect	Dark	1	0	0			Once per turn, you can increase the Level of 1 face-up Insect-Type monster you control by 2, until the End Phase.
Divine Grace - Northwemko	SOVR	DivineGraceNorthwemko	Spellcaster/Ritual/Effect	Light	7	2700	1200			This card can only be Ritual Summoned with the Ritual Spell Card, "Ritual of Grace". When this card is Ritual Summoned, select a number of face-up cards on the field (except this card), up to the number of monsters you used for the Ritual Summon. While any of the selected cards are face-up on the field, this card cannot be destroyed by card effects.
Djinn Presider of Rituals	SOVR	DjinnPresiderofRituals	Fiend/Effect	Dark	4	1800	1400			When you Ritual Summon a Ritual Monster, you can remove from play this card from your Graveyard as 1 of the monsters required for the Ritual Summon.  If the monster Ritual Summoned using this card destroys a monster by battle, the controller of the Ritual Monster draws 1 card.
Djinn Releaser of Rituals	SOVR	DjinnReleaserofRituals	Fiend/Effect	Dark	3	1200	2000			When you Ritual Summon a Ritual Monster, you can remove from play this card from your Graveyard as 1 of the monsters required for the Ritual Summon.  When the monster Ritual Summoned using this card is face-up on the field, your opponent cannot Special Summon.
Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua	SOVR	EarthboundImmortalCcarayhua	Reptile/Effect	Dark	10	2800	1800			There can only be 1 face-up "Earthbound Immortal" monster on the field. If there is no face-up Field Spell Card on the field, destroy this card. Your opponent cannot select this card as an attack target. This card can attack your opponent directly. When this card is destroyed by a card effect, except by its own effect, destroy all cards on the field.
Earthbound Immortal Uru	SOVR	EarthboundImmortalUru	Insect/Effect	Dark	10	3000	3000			There can only be 1 face-up "Earthbound Immortal" monster on the field. If there is no face-up Field Spell Card on the field, destroy this card. Your opponent cannot select this card as an attack target. This card can attack your opponent directly. Once per turn, you can Tribute 1 monster, except this card, to select and take control of 1 face-up monster your opponent controls, until the End Phase.
Earthbound Immortal Wiraqocha Rasca	SOVR	EarthboundImmortalWiraqochaRasca	Winged Beast/Effect	Dark	10	100	100			There can only be 1 face-up "Earthbound Immortal" monster on the field. If there is no face-up Field Spell Card on the field, destroy this card. Your opponent cannot select this card as an attack target. This card can attack your opponent directly. When this card is Normal Summoned, return up to 3 cards you control to your Deck, except this card, and Discard the same number of cards from your opponent's hand at random.  This card gains 1000 ATK for each card discarded by this effect.
Earthbound Revival	SOVR	EarthboundRevival	Normal Spell							Discard 1 card. Select 1 "Earthbound Immortal" monster and 1 Field Spell Card in your Graveyard, and add them to your hand.
Earthbound Wave	SOVR	EarthboundWave	Counter Trap							Activate only while you control a face-up "Earthbound Immortal" monster. Negate the activation of a Spell or Trap Card your opponent controls, and destroy it.
Earthbound Whirlwind	SOVR	EarthboundWhirlwind	Normal Spell							Activate only while you control a face-up "Earthbound Immortal" monster. Destroy all Spell and Trap Cards your opponent controls.
Energy Bravery	SOVR	EnergyBravery	Warrior/Effect	Light	4	1700	1200			Gemini monsters you control that are being treated as Effect Monsters cannot be destroyed by card effects.
Enlightenment	SOVR	Enlightenment	Normal Trap							You cannot Summon the turn you activate this card.  Activate at the end of the Damage Step, if a Spellcaster-Type monster you control attacked and destroyed an opponent's monster by battler.  That monster can attack again (immediately).
Explosive Magician	SOVR	ExplosiveMagician	Spellcaster/Synchro/Effect	Light	6	2500	1800			You can remove 2 Spell Counters from your side of the field to select and destroy 1 Spell or Trap Card your opponent controls.
Faustian Bargain	SOVR	FaustianBargain	Normal Spell							Send 1 Special Summoned monster on either side of the field to the Graveyard and Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Normal Monster from your hand.
Fortune Lady Dark	SOVR	FortuneLadyDark	Spellcaster/Effect	Dark	5	?	?			This card's ATK and DEF are equal to its Level x 400. During each of your Standby Phases, increase the Level of this card by 1 (max 12). When a face-up "Fortune Lady" monster you control destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard, you can select and Special Summon 1 "Fortune Lady" monster from your Graveyard.
Fortune Lady Earth	SOVR	FortuneLadyEarth	Spellcaster/Effect	Earth	6	?	?			This card's ATK and DEF are equal to its Level x 400. During each of your Standby Phases, increase the Level of this card by 1 (max 12). When the Level of this card increases, inflict 400 damage to your opponent.
Fortune Lady Water	SOVR	FortuneLadyWater	Spellcaster/Effect	Water	4	?	?			This card's ATK and DEF are equal to its Level x 300. During each of your Standby Phases, increase the Level of this card by 1 (max 12). When this card is Special Summoned while you control a face-up "Fortune Lady" monster except "Fortune Lady Water", draw 2 cards.
Fortune Lady Wind	SOVR	FortuneLadyWind	Spellcaster/Effect	Wind	3	?	?			This card's ATK and DEF are equal to its Level x 300. During each of your Standby Phases, increase the Level of this card by 1 (max 12). When this card is Normal Summoned, you can destroy a number of Spell or Trap Cards your opponent controls equal to the number of face-up "Fortune Lady" monsters you control.
Fortune's Future	SOVR	FortunesFuture	Normal Spell							Select 1 of your removed from play "Fortune Lady" monsters and return it to the Graveyard. Then draw 2 cards.
Gemini Booster	SOVR	GeminiBooster	Normal Trap							Equip this card to a Gemini monster you control as an Equip Card.  It gains 700 ATK.  When this card is destroyed while equipped and sent to the Graveyard, select 1 face-up Gemini monster and treat it as an Effect Monster.
Gemini Counter	SOVR	GeminiCounter	Counter Trap							Change 1 face-up Gemini monster you control to face-down Defense Position and negate the activation of an opponent's Spell Card, and destroy it.
Gemini Scorpion	SOVR	GeminiScorpion1	Warrior/Effect	Earth	4	1600	400			When this card is Normal or Special Summoned, you can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or Lower Gemini monster from you hand.
Gemini Spark	SOVR	GeminiSpark	Quick-Play Spell							Tribute 1 face-up Level 4 Gemini monster you control and select 1 card on the field.  Destroy the selected card and draw 1 card.
Ground Spider	SOVR	GroundSpider	Insect/Effect	Earth	4	0	1500			Once per turn, if you control this face-up Defense Position monster when your opponent Normal or Special Summons a monster(s), you can change that monster(s) to Defense Position.
Herculean Power	SOVR	HerculeanPower	Continuous Spell							Once per turn, if your opponent controls a monster and you control no monsters, you can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Gemini monster from your hand.
Infernity Force	SOVR	InfernityForce	Normal Trap							Activate only when an "Infernity" monster is selected as an attack target while you have no cards in your hand.  Destroy the attacking monster and Special Summon 1 "Infernity" monster from your Graveyard.
Infernity Necromancer	SOVR	InfernityNecromancer	Fiend/Effect	Dark	3	0	2000			When this card is Normal Summoned, it is changed to Defense Position.  While you have no cards in your hand, this card gains the following effect:  Once per turn, you can Special Summon 1 "Infernity" monster from your graveyard, except "Infernity Necromancer".
Inherited Fortune	SOVR	InheritedFortune	Normal Trap							Activate during the turn a face-up "Fortune Lady" monster you control was destroyed.  Special Summon up to 2 "Fortune Lady" monsters from your hand during your next Standby Phase.
Insect Neglect	SOVR	InsectNeglect	Continuous Spell							When your opponent's monster declares an attack, you can remove from play 1 Insect-Type monster from your Graveyard to negate the attack.
Iron Core Armor	SOVR	IronCoreArmor	Equip Spell							Equip only to a "Koa'ki Meiru" monster.  During damage calculation only, monsters that battle with the equipped monster lose ATK equal to the equipped monster's Level x 100.  If the equipped monster would be destroyed during the End Phase, you can send this card to the Graveyard instead.
Knight of the Red Lotus	SOVR	KnightoftheRedLotus	Warrior/Effect	Fire	6	2100	1800			If you have exactly 3 Normal Monsters in your Graveyard, you can Special Summon this card from your hand by removing from play 2 Normal Monsters from your Graveyard.  Once per turn, you can select and Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Normal Monster from your Graveyard.
Koa'ki Meiru Beetle	SOVR	KoakiMeiruBeetle	Insect/Effect	Earth	4	1900	1500			During each of your End Phases, destroy this card unless you send 1 "Iron Core of Koa'ki Meiru" from your hand to the Graveyard or reveal 1 Insect-Type monster in your hand.  When a LIGHT and DARK monster is Special Summoned in face-up Attack Position, change the Summoned monster to Defense Position.
Koa'ki Meiru Maximus	SOVR	KoakiMeiruMaximus	Dragon/Effect	Wind	8	3000	2500			This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set.  This card can only be Special Summoned by removing from play 1 "Iron Core of Koa'ki Meiru" from your hand.  During each of your End Phases, destroy this card unless you send 1 "Iron Core of Koa'ki Meiru" or 1 "Koa'ki Meiru" monster from your hand to the Graveyard.  Once per turn, during you Main Phase, you can select and destroy 1 card your opponent controls.
Koa'ki Meiru Rooklord	SOVR	KoakiMeiruRooklord	Warrior/Effect	Earth	7	2800	2200			During each of your End Phases, destroy this card unless you send 1 "Iron Core of Koa'ki Meiru" from your hand to the Graveyard or reveal 1 Warrior-Type monster in your hand.  You can Tribute Summon this card by Tributing 1 "Koa'ki Meiru" monster.  When this card is Normal Summoned, you can remove from play 1 "Koa'ki Meiru" card in your Graveyard to destroy up to 2 cards your opponent controls.
Koa'ki Meiru Sea Panther	SOVR	KoakiMeiruSeaPanther	Sea Serpent/Effect	Water	4	1900	1200			During each of your End Phases, destroy this card unless you send 1 "Iron Core of Koa'ki Meiru" from your hand to the Graveyard or reveal 1 WATER monster in your hand.  Once per turn, you can send 1 "Iron Core of Koa'ki Meiru" from your hand to the Graveyard to return 1 Spell Card from your Graveyard to the top of your Deck.
Limit Impulse	SOVR	LimitImpulse	Normal Trap							Send 2 cards from your hand to the Graveyard.  Special Summon 2 "Soul Tokens" (Fiend-Type/DARK/Level1/ATK 0/DEF 0).  These Tokens cannot be Tributed except for a Tribute Summon.
Lord British Space Fighter	SOVR	LordBritishSpaceFighter	Machine/Effect	Light	4	1200	800			If this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle, select and activate 1 of these effects:   You can attack once again in a row.    Select and destroy 1 set card on the field.    Special Summon 1 "Multi Token" (Machine-Type/LIGHT/Level 4/ATK 1200/DEF 1200).
Majestic Dragon	SOVR	MajesticDragon	Dragon/Tuner/Effect	Light	1	0	0			This card cannot be used as a Synchro Material Monster, except for the Synchro Summon of a "Majestic" monster.
Majestic Star Dragon	SOVR	MajesticStarDragon	Dragon/Synchro/Effect	Wind	10	3800	3000			You can Tribute this card to negate the activation of an opponent's Spell Card, Trap Card, or Effect Monster's effect and destroy all cards your opponent controls.  Once per turn, you can negate the effect(s) of 1 face-up monster your opponent controls until the End Phase.  Also, if the negated effect can be activated, you can activate it once as this card's effect.  During the End Phase, return this card from the field to the Extra Deck and Special Summon 1 "Stardust Dragon" from your Graveyard.
Max Warrior	SOVR	MaxWarrior	Warrior/Effect	Wind	4	1800	800			If this card attacks an opponent's monster, it gains 400 ATK during the Damage Step only. If this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle, until your next Standby Phase this card becomes Level 2 and its original ATK and DEF are halved.
Metabo-Shark	SOVR	MetaboShark	Fish/Effect	Water	4	1800	500			When this card is Normal Summoned, you can select and return 2 Fish-Type monster from your Graveyard to your Deck.
Molting Escape	SOVR	MoltingEscape	Equip Spell							Equip only to a Reptile-Type monster.  Once per turn, if the equipped monster would be destroyed by battle, it is not destroyed.  The equipped monster gains 300 ATK at the end of the Damage Step each time this effect is applied.
Moray of Greed	SOVR	MorayofGreed	Normal Spell							Return 2 WATER monsters from your hand to your Deck and draw 3 cards.
Mother Spider	SOVR	MotherSpider	Insect/Effect	Dark	6	2300	1200			If you have only Insect-Type monsters in your Graveyard, you can send 2 face-up Defense and Special Summon this card from your hand.
Nega-Ton Corepanel	SOVR	NegaTonCorepanel	Counter Trap							Activate only if you control a face-up "Koa'ki Meiru" monster and have "Iron Core of Koa'ki Meiru" in your Graveyard.  Negate the activation of an Effect Monster's effect, and destroy it.
Oshaleon	SOVR	Oshaleon	Reptile/Effect	Water	3	1400	800			While you control this face-up Attack Position card, your opponent cannot select a monster other than "Oshaleon" as an attack target.  When this card is destroyed by battle and send to the graveyard, you can add 1 Reptile-Type monster with 500 or less ATK from your Deck to your hand.
Preparation of Rites	SOVR	PreparationofRites	Normal Spell							Add to your hand 1 Level 7 or lower Ritual Monster Card from your Deck.  Then you can add to your hand 1 Ritual Spell Card from your Graveyard.
Quickdraw Synchron	SOVR	QuickdrawSynchron	Machine/Tuner/Effect	Wind	5	700	1400			You can send 1 monster from your hand to the Graveyard and Special Summon this card from your hand.  You can substitute this card for any 1 "Synchron" Tuner monster for a Synchro Summon.  This card cannot be used as a Synchro Material Monster, except for the Synchro Summon of a monster that lists a "Synchron" monster as a Tuner monster.
Raging Mad Plants	SOVR	RagingMadPlants	Quick-Play Spell							Face-up Plant-Type monsters you control gain 300 ATK for each Plant-Type monster in your Graveyard, this increase lasts until the End Phase.  During the End Phase of this turn, destroy all face-up Plant-Type monsters you control.
Regulus	SOVR	Regulus	Beast/Effect	Light	4	1700	1000			Once per turn, you can select 1 Field Spell Card in your Graveyard.  Return it to the Deck.
Relinquished Spider	SOVR	RelinquishedSpider	Insect/Effect	Earth	2	300	500			If you have 4 or more Insect-Type monsters in your Graveyard, you can Tribute this card to destroy all face-up Defense Position monsters your opponent controls.
Reptilianne Gorgon	SOVR	ReptilianneGorgon	Reptile/Effect	Dark	3	1400	1400			If this card attacks an opponent's monster, after damage calculation the ATK of the attack target becomes 0, and it cannot change its battle position.
Reptilianne Hydra	SOVR	ReptilianneHydra	Reptile/Synchro/Effect	Dark	5	2100	1500			1 "Reptilianne" Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters   When this card is Synchro Summoned, destroy all face-up monsters with 0 ATK that your opponent controls, and draw 1 card for each monster destroyed.
Reptilianne Medusa	SOVR	ReptilianneMedusa	Reptile/Effect	Dark	6	2200	800			Send 1 card from your hand to the Graveyard and select 1 face-up monster your opponent controls.  The ATK of the selected monster becomes 0, and it cannot change its battle position.
Reptilianne Poison	SOVR	ReptiliannePoison1	Normal Spell							Activate only if you control a face-up "Reptilianne" monster.  Change 1 Defense Position monster your opponent controls to face-up Attack Position and reduce its ATK to 0.
Reptilianne Scylla	SOVR	ReptilianneScylla	Reptile/Effect	Dark	4	1800	1200			If this card destroys a monster with 0 ATK by battle, you can Special Summon that monster from the Graveyard to your side of the field in face-up Defense Position.  The effect(s) of that monster is negated.
Reptilianne Spawn	SOVR	ReptilianneSpawn	Normal Spell							Remove from play 1 "Reptilianne" monster from your Graveyard.  Special Summon 2 "Reptilianne Tokens" Reptile-Type/EARTH/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0).
Reptilianne Viper	SOVR	ReptilianneViper	Reptile/Tuner/Effect	Dark	2	0	0			When this card is Normal Summoned, you can select and take control of 1 face-up monster with 0 ATK your opponent controls.
Rinyan, Lightsworn Rogue	SOVR	RinyanLightswornRogue	Beast/Effect	Light	2	100	100			FLIP:  Return 1 "Lightsworn" monster from your Graveyard to your Deck and draw 1 card.
Ritual Buster	SOVR	RitualBuster	Normal Trap							Activate only when a Ritual Monster is Ritual Summoned.  Your opponent cannot activate any Spell or Trap Cards or use their effects until your next Standby Phase.
Ritual of Grace	SOVR	RitualofGrace	Ritual Spell							This card is used to Ritual Summon "Divine Grace - Northwemko".  You must also Tribute monsters whose total Levels equal 7 or more from your field or your hand.  During your Main Phase, you can remove from play this card from your Graveyard to make 1 face-up Ritual Monster you control become un-targetable by effects this turn.
Roar of the Earthbound	SOVR	RoaroftheEarthbound	Continuous Trap							Once per turn, when your opponent's monster declares an attack, if the ATK of the attacking monster is lower than that of a face-up "Earthbound Immortal" monster you control, destroy the attacking monster and inflict damage to your opponent equal to half the destroyed monster's ATK.
Savage Colosseum	SOVR	SavageColosseum	Field Spell							If a monster attacks, its controller gains 300 Life Points at the end of the Damage Step.  All monsters must attack, if able.  During the End Phase, destroy all face-up Attack Position monster the turn player controls, that did not declare an attack.
Seal of Wickedness	SOVR	SealofWickedness	Continuous Trap							Once per turn, during your opponent's Standby Phase, select 1 face-up card on the field/  The selected card's effect(s) is negated during that turn.  During each of your Standby Phases, pay 500 Life Points or destroy this card.
Shine Palace	SOVR	ShinePalace	Equip Spell							Equip only to a LIGHT monster, it gains 700 ATK.
Shire, Lightsworn Spirit	SOVR	ShireLightswornSpirit	Fairy/Effect	Light	3	400	1400			This card gains 300 ATK for each "Lightsworn" monster with a different name in your Graveyard.  During each of your End Phases, send the top 2 cards of your Deck to the Graveyard.
Slip Summon	SOVR	SlipSummon	Normal Trap							Activate only when your opponent Summons a monster.  Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower monster form your hand in face-up Defense Position.  Return it to the owner's hand during the End Phase.
Solitaire Magician	SOVR	SolitaireMagician	Spellcaster/Effect	Light	4	1600	1300			Once per turn, you can select 1 face-up "Fortune Lady" monster you control and 1 other face-up monster on the field.  Reduce the Level of the selected "Fortune Lady" monster by 3, and destroy the other selected monster.
Spider Egg	SOVR	SpiderEgg	Normal Trap							Activate only when your opponent declares a direct attack, while you have 3 or more Insect-Type monsters in your Graveyard.  Negate that attack.  Special Summon 3 "Spider Tokens"  (Insect-Type/EARTH/Level 1/ATK 100/DEF 100) in Attack Position.
Spider Web	SOVR	SpiderWeb	Field Spell							If a monster declares an attack, it is changed to Defense Position at the end of the Damage Step.  It cannot change its battle position until the End Phase of its controller's next turn, while this card remains on the field.
Spiritual Forest	SOVR	SpiritualForest	Continuous Spell							Each turn, the first face-up Beast-Type, Beast-Warrior-Type, or Plant-Type monster you control that would be destroyed by battle, is not destroyed.
Spyder Spider	SOVR	SpyderSpider	Insect/Effect	Earth	4	1500	1000			When this card destroys an opponent's Defense Position monster by battle, you can select and Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Insect-Type monster from your Graveyard.
Stardust Xiaolong	SOVR	StardustXiaolong	Dragon/Effect	Light	1	100	100			When you Synchro Summon "Stardust Dragon", you can Special Summon this card from your Graveyard in face-up Attack Position.  Once per turn, if this card would me destroyed by battle, it is not destroyed.
Stygian Dirge	SOVR	StygianDirge	Continuous Trap							Reduce the Levels of all face-up monsters your opponent controls by 1.
Swap Frog	SOVR	SwapFrog	Aqua/Effect	Water	2	1000	500			You can discard 1 WATER monster to Special Summon this card from your hand.  When this card is Summoned, you can select and send 1 Level 2 or lower Aqua-Type WATER monster from your Deck or your side of the field to the Graveyard.  Once per turn, you can return 1 monster you control to your hand to Normal Summon 1 "Frog" monster, except "Swap Frog" or "Frog the Jam", in addition to your Normal Summon or Set this turn.
Synchro Barrier	SOVR	SynchroBarrier	Normal Trap							Tribute 1 Synchro Monster you control.  You do not take any damage until the End Phase of the next turn.
Time Passage	SOVR	TimePassage	Quick-Play Spell							Increase the Level of 1 face-up "Fortune Lady" monster you control by 3, until the End Phase.
Tuned Magician	SOVR	TunedMagician	Spellcaster/Gemini/Effect	Wind	4	1800	1600			This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field or in the Graveyard. While this card is face-up on the field, you can Normal Summon it to have it be treated as an Effect Monster with this effect:    This card is treated as a Tuner monster.
Victoria	SOVR	Victoria	Fairy/Effect	Light	4	1800	1500			Once per turn, you can select and Special Summon 1 Dragon-Type monster from your opponent's Graveyard to your side of the field.  Your opponent cannot select another face-up Fairy-Type monster as an attack target.
Wolf in Sheep's Clothing	SOVR	WolfinSheepsClothing	Normal Trap							Activate only when you take Battle Damage from your opponent's monster's direct attack.  Reveal 1 Level 1 monster in your hand.  Special Summon it from your hand, and 1 monster with the same name from your Deck.
Woodland Archer	SOVR	WoodlandArcher	Beast-Warrior/Effect	Earth	3	1400	1300			This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set.  This card cannot be Special Summoned except by having 2 or more Normal Monsters in your Graveyard.  You can Tribute this card to add 1 Gemini monster from your Deck to your hand.
Yellow Baboon, Archer of the Forest	SOVR	YellowBaboonArcheroftheForest	Beast/Effect	Earth	7	2600	1800			When a Beast-Type monster you control is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, you can remove from play 2 Beast-Type monsters in your Graveyard to Special Summon this card from your hand.
Zero Gardna	SOVR	ZeroGardna	Warrior/Effect	Earth	4	0	0			You can Tribute this card to activate its effect.  If you do, monsters you control cannot be destroyed by battle, and you take no Battle Damage, during this turn.  This effect can be activated during either player's turn.
Regretful Rebirth	TF04	RegretfulRebirth	Normal Trap							Activate only when a monster you control is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard. Special Summon it in Defense Position. The monster Special Summoned by this effect is destroyed during your End Phase.
Warm Worm	TF04	WarmWorm	Insect/Effect	Fire	3	600	1400			If this card is destroyed, send the top 3 cards of your opponent's Deck to the Graveyard.
Worm Bait	TF04	WormBait	Normal Spell							Activate only if you control a face-up Insect-Type monster. Special Summon 2 "Worm Tokens" (Insect-Type/EARTH/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0). During a turn you use this effect, you cannot Normal Summon or Special Summon Level 3 or Level 4 monsters.
Burning Skull Head	WB01	BurningSkullHead	Zombie/Effect	Fire	3	1000	800			When this card is Special Summoned from your hand, inflict 1000 damage to your opponent. You can remove from play this face-up card you control to return 1 removed from play "Skull Flame" to its owner's Graveyard.
Skull Flame	WB01	SkullFlame	Zombie/Effect	Fire	8	2600	2000			Once per turn, you can Special Summon 1 "Burning Skull Head" from your hand. You cannot conduct your Battle Phase the turn you activate this effect. You can add 1 "Burning Skull Head" from your Graveyard to your hand instead of conducting a normal draw in your Draw Phase.
Supersonic Skull Flame	WB01	SupersonicSkullFlame	Zombie/Effect	Wind	10	2600	2000			This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card can only be Special Summoned by removing from play 1 "Skull Flame" from your Graveyard. Once per turn, you can inflict 400 damage to your opponent for each "Burning Skull Head" in you Graveyard. When this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard, you can Special Summon 1 "Skull Flame" from your Graveyard.
Shiba-Warrior Taro	YAP1	ShibaWarriorTaro	Beast-Warrior/Tuner/Effect	Earth	2	800	600			This card cannot be destroyed by battle. When a card on the field is destroyed by battle or by a card effect, return this face-up card to its owner's hand.
Ally of Justice Catastor	HA01	AllyofJusticeCatastor1	Machine/Synchro/Effect	Dark	5	2200	1200			If this card attacks or is attacked by a non-DARK monster, destroy that monster at the start of the Damage Step (without damage calculation).
Ally of Justice Clausolas	HA01	AllyofJusticeClausolas	Machine	Dark	6	2300	1200			A mighty monster in Mist Valley, and the ultimate weapon designed from Claiomh Solias. Its surprise attacks from above baffle invaders.
Ally of Justice Garadholg	HA01	AllyofJusticeGaradholg	Machine/Effect	Dark	4	1600	400			If this card battles a LIGHT monster, it gains 200 ATK during the Damage Step only.
Ally of Justice Rudra	HA01	AllyofJusticeRudra	Machine/Effect	Dark	5	1900	1200			f this card battles a LIGHT monster, it gains 700 ATK during the Damage Step only.
Berserker Crush	HA01	BerserkerCrush	Quick-Play Spell							Remove from play 1 monster from your Graveyard. The ATK and DEF of 1 face-up "Winged Kuriboh" you control become equal to the ATK and DEF of that monster, until the End Phase of this turn.
Blizzard Warrior	HA01	BlizzardWarrior	Warrior/Effect	Water	3	1400	400			If this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle, look at the top card of their Deck, then return it to either the top or bottom of their Deck.
Blizzed, Defender of the Ice Barrier	HA01	BlizzedDefenderoftheIceBarrier	Aqua/Effect	Water	1	300	500			When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, draw 1 card.
Commander Gottoms, Swordmaster	HA01	CommanderGottomsSwordmaster	Beast-Warrior/Effect	Earth	6	2100	1600			All face-up "Saber" monsters you control gain 400 ATK.
Cryomancer of the Ice Barrier	HA01	CryomanceroftheIceBarrier	Aqua/Tuner	Water	2	1300	0			While you control another "Ice Barrier" monster, Level 4 or higher monsters cannot declare an attack.
Evolution Burst	HA01	EvolutionBurst	Normal Spell							Activate only while you control a face-up "Cyber Dragon"(s). Destroy 1 card your opponent controls. "Cyber Dragon" cannot attack the turn you activate this card.
Flamvell Dragnov	HA01	FlamvellDragnov	Dragon/Effect	Fire	2	1100	200			When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, inflict 500 damage to your opponent. You can remove from play this card in your Graveyard, along with 1 face-up FIRE monster you control, to add 1 "Flamvell Dragnov" from your Deck to your hand.
Flamvell Guard	HA01	FlamvellGuard	Dragon/Tuner	Fire	1	100	2000			A Flamvell guardian who commands fire with his will. His magma-hot barrier protects his troops from intruders.
Flamvell Magician	HA01	FlamvellMagician	Spellcaster/Tuner	Fire	4	1400	200			While you control an "Ally of Justice" monster(s), this card gains 400 ATK.
Flamvell Uruquizas	HA01	FlamvellUruquizas	Pyro/Synchro/Effect	Fire	6	2100	400			During battle between this attacking card and a Defense Position monster whose DEF is lower than the ATK of this card, inflict the difference as Battle Damage to your opponent. This card gains 300 ATK each time it inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent.
Mist Valley Shaman	HA01	MistValleyShaman	Winged-Beast/Tuner	Wind	3	1200	1200			Once per turn, you can return 1 other monster you control to the hand, to have this card gain 500 ATK until the End Phase.
Mist Valley Soldier	HA01	MistValleySoldier	Winged-Beast/Tuner	Wind	4	1700	300			While you control this face-up card, any opponent's monster that battles this card, but is not destroyed by battle, returns to its owner's hand at the end of the Damage Step.
Mist Valley Thunderbird	HA01	MistValleyThunderbird	Thunder/Effect	Wind	3	1100	700			When this face-up card on the field returns to the hand, Special Summon it. This card cannot attack during the Turn it was Special Summoned by this effect.
Mist Wurm	HA01	MistWurm	Thunder/Synchro/Effect	Wind	9	2500	1500			1 Tuner + 2 or more non-Tuner monsters. When this card is Synchro Summoned, return up to 3 cards your opponent controls to the hand.
Worm Apocalypse	HA01	WormApocalypse	Reptile/Effect	Light	1	300	200			FLIP: Destroy 1 Spell or Trap Card
Worm Cartaros	HA01	WormCartaros	Reptile/Effect	Light	4	1200	500			FLIP: Add 1 Level 4 or lower Reptile-Type monster "Worm" from your Deck to your hand.
Worm Dimikles	HA01	WormDimikles	Reptile/Effect	Light	4	1700	1400			FLIP: This card gains 300 ATK and DEF.
Worm Erokin	HA01	WormErokin	Reptile/Effect	Light	6	2400	1200			This card cannot be Special Summoned. Once per turn, select 1 face-up Reptile-Type "Worm" monster on the field and change it into face-down Defense Position.
Wrath of Neos	HA01	WrathofNeos	Normal Spell							Select 1 face-up "Elemental HERO Neos" you control. Return it to the Deck and destroy all cards on the field.
X-Saber Axel	HA01	XSaberAxel	Warrior/Effect	Earth	1	400	100			While you control this face-up card, when a "Saber" monster is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, draw 1 card.
X-Saber Uruz	HA01	XSaberUruz	Beast-Warrior/Effect	Earth	4	1600	100			When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard, you can Tribute this card to return the destroyed card to the top of its owner's Deck.
